1 switching to unleaded gasoline probably raised average the iq and cut violent crime .	another interesting fact is that lead was an additive . i always thought it was naturally in gas , because the phrase " unleaded " makes it seem like the

1 the engraving " do not duplicate " on some keys is merely a suggestion and can be legally duplicated by locksmiths .	i took an office key to a locksmith and he said , it says do not duplicate . i told him my boss told me to make a copy ,
2 then explain how you're on reddit while in a federal pound me in the ass prison ?	" i don't want to go to any prison ! "

1 the ancient irish respected their dogs so much that if a warrior or king gained the loyalty of a hound they would be given the prefix ' ' cu '	hail king cucumber ! ! ! [ ] ( / gnu terry pratchett )

1 if too many pistachios are shipped in a single container , they will self-heat and experience spontaneous combustion .	they will not self-heat . they are only prone to spontaneous combustion . there is a difference .

1 robin van persie passes patrick kluivert as all time top scorer for the netherlands .	did anyone else notice the surprising consistency of goal ratio for all of their ' modern era ' top scorers ? so many 0.5 s !

1 . cameron diaz advocates urinating outdoors or during a shower because it conserves electricity and water .	i do not take near enough showers or go outdoors frequently enough for this to be sustainable .

1 in 1979 a woman jumped from the 86th floor of the empire state building , only to be blown back onto the 85th floor . her only injury was a	that must have been an awkward ride home .

1 some cuban cigar factories employed a " lector " who would read newspapers , political treatises and classical literature aloud to help break the monotony of the cigar-rollers ' work	learned this in the book live by night by dennis lehane . great book !

1 the snl jeopardy sketch was created by norm macdonald purely so that he could show off his burt reynolds impression .	le tits now

1 during the falklands war , while the hms sheffield was sinking it's crew burst into song , singing monty python's " always look on the bright side of life "	i bet they laughed during this line : " worse things happen at sea , you know . "
2 my dad always used to say this to me as a kid when i complained . nice to finally know what it's from .	it's not from the song y'know , it's a very old saying .

1 adam savage has expressed an interest in proving natural selection over creationism on mythbusters . and has been working on a pitch for discovery .	proof the us is a de facto theocracy : one must * convince * a broadcaster iron-clad science is worth airing .
2 broadcasters are not the government . they're companies , and can decide what to air and what not to air . if the iron-clad science isn't going to be profitable	that's why i said * de facto * .

1 the holocaust memorial in berlin contains an anti-graffiti chemical - which turned out to be manufactured by the same company that made the zyklonn b gas used in concentration camp	well , ig farben was the largest chemical company in the world . they manufactured literally every single commercially available compound . most other large chemical firms also made compounds
2 don't forget , volkswagen was a company started by the nazi party , henry ford was anti-semetic , and hugo boss designed the uniforms worn by the ss . it	and mitsubishi made japanese zeroes .
3 ibm supplied the technology the nazis used to keep track of the jews . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_and_the_Holocaust	some of the oxygen that the nazis breathed was produced by your great grandparent's backyard garden .

1 the chemical name for titin is approximately 189,819 letters long and can take over three hours to pronounce .	wow . does it have the largest name or others too have them ?

1 there is a cluster of oil wells on the campus of beverly hills high school that generates about $ 300,000 of revenue per year for the school .	there are a number of wells on the beverly center property .

1 consuming asparagus affects the smell of urine , but only 22 % of the population have the gene to smell it	what about tuna ? once during a poor streak , i ate nothing but ( canned ) tuna for breakfast and lunch , my urine stank to high heaven of
2 when i eat sugar smacks cereal my pee smells exactly like it after .	not just that . it also tastes like ' em , too . give it a try .

1 bill murray was arrested in 1970 for trying to smuggle 10 pounds of marijuana through a chicago airport	what sentence would you get from this ?

1 in the online game eve a player group spent 12 months infiltrating a rival group , then assassinated their leader and stole or destroyed $ 16,500 . 00 usd worth	isn't eve the game where i guy formed a banking institution , then at one point just kinda walked off with everyone's money and bought a giant kickass ship and
2 isn't eve the game where it's way more interesting to read about it than to actually play it ?	yes it is

1 woody harrelson had an altercation with a photographer just after he finished filming zombieland and his excuse was that he was still in character and thought the paparazzo was a	more reddit celebrity trivia under the respectable banner of " today i learned " ...

1 in " a . i . artificial intelligence " , child actor haley joel osment suggested to steven spielberg that to portray an android well he shouldn't blink . osment	was i the only one who found this movie extremely unsettling as a kid ? the child robot , and the ending especially ..
2 this film made me want to kill myself when i saw it as a young teenager . i still hold this to be my most hated film . it's even	watch event horizon again . it isnt scary anymore . its actually goofy . cant believe i was super scared of the movie when i was a kid
3 [ this scene ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V-_mqJLxIww ) is definitely goofy .	no way dude , that's awesome . i must be getting old .

1 the co-founder of miramax received a samurai sword with a note that read , " no cuts , " when handling the us release of princess mononoke .	i say nausicaä of the valley of the wind is better .
2 i think spirited away is better than both	and i disagree .

1 i think the first few paragraphs are just a little condescending . also ... jerky .	it sounded about right to me , what was condescending ?

1 the coffee drink " americano or caffé americano " was created in world war ii when american g . i . s in italy would dilute espresso with hot water	that's interesting . i worked as a barista for almost four years and i always wondered who exactly the americano was targeted for . americans never ordered it , either
2 heh , i always order americanos if i am grabbing coffee in a random chain coffeeshop and i don't know how fresh the brewed coffee is . since an americano	why not just order any drink that would be espresso based ? like a cappucino or latte ?

1 in the same vein as the skyfall fact , the pinot noir scene from sideways caused sales of the wine to increase upwards of 16 % , a massive increase	skyfall fact ?

1 the boring , monotone lecture ben stein delivers in ferris bueller was originally meant to be off-camera , but the student extras laughed so hard at his voice that john	he's a creationist . fuck him .
2 what's wrong with creationists ? why would you curse someone for being a creationist ? are you weak in your own beliefs that you must put down those who disagree	creationism causes actual harm in society by promoting ignorance . i'm not even anti religion . i'm anti creationism

1 when asked about his participation in ' jaws : the revenge ' , michael caine famously replied " i have never seen the film , but by all accounts it	loved this movie when i was a kid . i thought it was a great masterwork .

1 during a pledge drive , a dj at a portland , or radio station promised that the station would never play " stairway to heaven " again if someone made	i just listened to this song and i have never heard it before .
2 and how do you feel ?	sombre .

1 " band geeks " was voted the best spongebob episode of all time	i can agree with this . i watched this episode a long time ago , and lost it at spongebob's [ eager face ] ( http://cdn2.scratch.mit.edu/get_image/gallery/341068_170x100.png?v=1394916672.29 )

1 during the great depression there was such animosity and hatred for the financial institutions and capitalist system that bonnie and clyde were supported by " the 99 % " ,	i know what you're thinking reddit ; and it's a bad idea .
2 you're going to have to explain why , because to me , being a movement-supported folk hero slash master criminal sounds * fucking awesome . * ( no disrespect to	chances are they aren't around to give you hell

1 : an mit student wrote newton's equation for acceleration of a falling object on the blackboard before jumping to his death from a 15th floor classroom .	but did the equation account for air resistance ?
2 it's basic physics so we can assume he was a spherical object falling in a vacuum at water level . it makes sense	in a vacuum , would the shape of the object matter ?
3 it would not .	try telling that to my vacuum , the damn thing hates things shaped like pennies .

1 in the late 1970s , the us government sprayed paraquat ( a deadly herbicide ) on mexican cannabis fields and subsequently warned americans that the chemical rendered marijuana unsafe to	well , that worked .

1 when madeline l'engle , author of a wrinkle in time , was asked if the film adaption met her expectations , she replied , " yes , i expected it	... said every author ever watching the movies based off of their books .
2 in a recent ama steven king said he enjoyed some the adaptations such as shawshank redemption	but those are outlier cases . who wouldn't be pleased with shawshank redemption ?
3 warden norton .	his role was expanded significantly compared to the book ( in which he was just the last of several wardens that shawshank had during andy's stay there . ) he

1 margaret thatcher was reportedly more proud of becoming the first prime minister with a science degree than the first female prime minister of the united kingdom .	nice try , jeb . she's still not going to make it on the 10 dollar bill .
2 i'm just wondering why they're changing the $ 10 instead of the $ 20	there's a strong contingent of people who find andrew jackson ignoring the constitution , the court , and any sense of humanity and decency admirable . to those people :
3 yes , but andrew jackson hated the central bank idea . so him on the $ 20 is a big fu to him .	and taking hamilton off the $ 10 who started the first national bank is a big fu to him .

1 andorra declared war on germany during ww1 , but didn't send any soldiers because they didn't have an army . at the treaty of versailles , andorra was forgotten and	sounds like west or east germany missed a prime opportunity to invade andorra

1 manual gearboxes are lighter , cheaper , give better performance and fuel efficiency . they are the most common type everywhere besides north america and australia .	yeah okay this is retarded to make it to the top page of reddit like how the fuck would i not know this ? ? ? and yes on new

1 daniel webster , who ran for president and lost three times , declined the vice presidency twice , thinking it a worthless office . both presidents who offered it later	daniel webster was an ambitious moron and finds out the hard way you can't be both ambitious and a moron .

1 the korean soccer player who scored and knocked italy out of the 2002 world cup immediately lost his contract with his italian club perugia for ' ruining italian soccer '	it's perugia , i'm not surprised here . the city is famous for scapegoating . ms . knox will verify this for you
2 i find this comment quite rude , at the very least .	so ?

1 the word " gorilla " comes from the greek word meaning , " a tribe of hairy women . "	the word itself was named after my mom .

1 in 1971 , ted bundy worked at seattle's suicide hotline crisis center .	yeah i think i saw this movie ... dead man on campus

1 shirley phelps-roper ( westboro baptists , daughter of fred phelps ) had a son out of wedlock and therefore is the type of person she preaches against .	no , that's not how it works . she gets to apologize to jesus , so all her past mistakes don't count .

1 cats have infected over half of the human population with a brain-dwelling invertebrate parasite .	the other half the population are ' dog people ' .

1 clint eastwood was offered the role of james bond but turned it down because he believed the character should be played by an english actor .	gg clint eastwood
2 erm , call me crazy but could clint have * acted * english ?	no ! just no . one of the reasons i love him so much is that he doesn't do accents , he's just clint eastwood ... * all the time
3 i would've immensely enjoyed a bond film with his regular voice . dirty harry bond . he'd be shooting people in the face as soon as they sat down at	now that i could watch ! the good , the bad , the dirty harry bond , shooting people , making his day with a cigar clenched firmly between his

1 japan has nearly twice as many 7 - elevens as the united states , with 2,079 stores in tokyo alone .	most people i know here in the states try to avoid 7 - eleven because they are known to overprice everything , so it doesn't surprise me that much .

1 a woman waited nearly 24 hours in the waiting room of an nyc hospital before falling over and dying . she was then ignored for another hour before someone finally	ehh it's new york you have to be assertive .
2 " ehhhh ! i'm dyin ' ovah heeyah ! "	" and a good fuckin day to you too sir "

1 male ants do not have fathers because unfertilized eggs become males while fertilized eggs become females	bees too ☺ .

1 a british challenger 2 tank was hit directly by 14 rpgs and an anti-tank missile in iraq . the crew was uninjured and the tank was back in operation 6	these tanks are some though motherf * ckers

1 while the beatles were recording " get back " paul mccartney would look at yoko ono while singing the line " get back to where you once belonged . "	i will admit , i hate seeing videos of yoko in the recording studio or on stage with the band , but it was not her fault that the beatles
2 for reference . http://youtu.be/h9kgu71d81U	chuck berry's eyes when she starts wailing

1 king george v's physician gave the dying king a lethal dosage of morphine and cocaine to hasten his death so that it could be announced in the morning edition of	um ... ? i guess that's a good way to go . kind of like a rock star ?
2 * * murdered * * by your own doctor ... hmmm if this dude just diddled 100 more kids he would * literally * be micheal jackson	dude what .

1 a man once said " you can be a king or a street sweeper , but everyone dances with the grim reaper " before being executed . this is a	holy shit , i literally just watched that part ! yes , i am in fact currently watching bill and ted's bogus journey . http://imgur.com/D9elkie.jpg
2 ... voldemort ? edit : remind me never to make a joke regarding bill and ted .	death as played by william sadler . he also plays a father in a random family shown toward the end of the movie .

1 weird al's parents both died on the same day of carbon monoxide poisoning . only hours later , he performed a concert and started by saying " since my music	can't knock the logic .

1 when bill robinson , early film megastar and sidekick to shirley temple , was asked by a manager to leave a restaurant , he asked to borrow a $ 10	maybe someone with a better memory can recall the name of the african-american who was told by a luncheonette owner during the civil rights protests of the 60s , "
2 albert einstein ?	charlie chaplin ?

1 in the online game eve a player group spent 12 months infiltrating a rival group , then assassinated their leader and stole or destroyed $ 16,500 . 00 usd worth	just another day in new eden .

1 sidney sheinberg wanted to change the title of back to the future to ' spaceman from pluto ' . robert zemeckis , horrified , asked steven spielberg for help ,	sidney sheinberg - - jewish name level : 11

1 jason statham was a member of great britain's diving team for 12 years , and finished 12th at the 1992 world championships .	i would hit it so hard .

1 the ancient irish respected their dogs so much that if a warrior or king gained the loyalty of a hound they would be given the prefix ' ' cu '	cuchulain makes a little more sense now .
2 cu chulainn's's kinda a different story . he killed a nobles dog in self defense , and to keep his honour he became the nobles human guard dog and took	what was the name of the dog ?
3 oddly enough , " moonmoon " .	god damn it moonmoon !

1 itt tech has been investigated for claims of widespread grade inflation . in one instance , a student got a 100 % on a computer forensics assignment for turning in	noodles are multi-threaded .
2 some are single threaded http://www.neatorama.com/2014/02/22/This-Noodle-Dish-Is-Just-One-Long-Thick-Noodle/	my first thought looking at that was tapeworm .

1 the record holder for most survived lightning strikes , at 7 , was struck while operating a truck , inside a ranger station , on two separate occasions after running	i can just imagine god going " die damnit die ! "

1 there was a 9 year gap between jeffrey dahmer's first and second murders .	where he was in the meantime ... http://imgur.com/4bzQykE

1 the first animal to ask an existential question was from a parrot named alex . he asked what color he was , and learned that it was " grey "	" what is my purpose ? " " you pass butter . "
2 [ rick and morty ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X7HmltUWXgs ) for those wondering	lol ! adding it to the list .

1 wwii japan killed 4 million more people than the nazis , practiced mengele-like human experimentation , cannibalized and tortured pows , and forced women into military sex slavery	unit 731 . a lot of the reason this information has never been brought up in mainstream media is because the research 731 acquired through their testing really pushed the
2 paperclip is proof that everyone fucking sucks , we just won .	thats an idiotic point of view . if you dont approve of the projects the enemy's scientisits were working on , you take them and put them on your own

1 johnny depp's daughter nearly died from an e.coli infection and had an extended hospital stay . in order to thank the hospital for taking care of her , depp dressed	doesn't he dress up as jack sparrow and visit kids in the hospital pretty frequently ? i wonder if this is how that started .
2 he often has his costume packed with him when travelling , and he pops into hospitals . for a rich person the only currency that means much to him is	only the rich can afford to not care about money
3 i personally think that if more rich people did these kinds of things the world would be a better place .	am michael bolton . can confirm , love jack sparrow .

1 stephen fry claims that douglas adams told him why he chose the number 42 , and that he will take the secret to his grave	my dad told me his interpretation which i always thought made sense . adams is a famous atheist and the number 42 means that life is just a roll of
2 pair of dice = paradise	real eyes realize real * lies *
3 feed us fetus fajitas .	champagne for my real friends , real pain for my sham friends .

1 when former president teddy roosevelt died in his sleep in 1919 , thomas r . marshall , the sitting vice-president , said " death had to take roosevelt sleeping ,	[ artist's rendition of what that encounter would've been like had roosevelt been awake . ] ( http://i.imgur.com/9wz52WQ.jpg )
2 did shitty watercolour break free of his reddit prison ? not seen em for quite awhile	that's because reddit admins shadowbanned him for being offensive .
3 um , no they didn't : https://www.reddit.com/user/Shitty_Watercolour	holy fuck he has 1.1 million karma

1 : an individual horse has a peak power output of 14.9 horsepower	you'd expect it to be 1 horsepower

1 bill maher has said that selling marijuana allowed him to make enough money to get through cornell and enter comedy .	bill maher would be a fantastic drug dealer .
2 i don't know . somewhere else he describes his selling strategy : [ ' you buy a pound , which is 16 ounces , and then you divide it into	wow shocking , a drug dealer doing something shady .

1 gladiator had a planned sequel and a script written by nick cave . but the story was so crazy , ( maximus time traveling , being reincarnated by roman gods	eh , couldn't have been any worse than highlander 2

1 michael jai white was the first african american man to portray a major comic book superhero in a major motion picture ( spawn in 1997 ) . he was also	spawn is still one of my favorite comic book movies . fantastic .
2 the spawn toys were the best too .	for sure ! i bought this big 18 inch spawn that was part of todd's collectors club or something , and it came with this bag of 10 or 12

1 kaley cuoco was once a nationally ranked amateur tennis player . she started at the age of 3 and gave it up at 16 .	so she basically gave it up just as she started 8 simple rules . 8 simple rules will always have a place in my heart , mostly because i really
2 and katey sagal .	that's when i learned that she was the voice actor for leela on futurama .

1 vin diesel got his first acting role when he was 7 . he and some friends broke into a new york theater to vandalize it . the theater's artistic director	is every celebrity's pic on wikipedia of them at comic con ?
2 you can't use copyrighted pictures on there . so people snap a pic at a con , and let wikipedia use it under creative commons .	oddly enough tom cruise has never been to a comic con i don't think .

1 john tyler the 10th president of the united states has two living grand-children . he was born in 1790 .	he had 15 children between the years 1815 and 1860 . he had them with two different wives . eight were with his first wife , lettia tyler , and
2 second verse , same as the first	but a whole lot louder and a whole lit worse !

1 the big mac had two previous names : " aristocrat " and " blue ribbon burger " , both which failed in the marketplace .	blue ribbon burger ... makes sense .

1 666 is not the number of the beast , it's 616 and was changed in later versions of the bible to mirror the number of jesus , 888	my birthday is 6/16 ! D:
2 there is no 16th month	stop trying to be elitist . you know what he means .

1 before broadcasting it on national television , a tv station - ktla - edited out ten seconds of the video that showed rodney king charging the officers that beat him	they should have to be charged with a crime for trying to incite a riot .

1 an eagle scout who joins the us army is automatically promoted to private first class .	don't you also get a significant bump in rank for having attended college ?
2 in australia provided you pass the entry exam and physical and psych requirements , you can go straight to the royal military college and become an officer .	there is also a officer selection board that you have to pass .

1 any north koreans that escape to south korea are automatically granted citizenship upon arrival	all north koreans have south korean citizenship . the rok wrote it in that as they claim the whole peninsula , then all inhabits are citizens . they are sent
2 i bet that most americans would be in culture shock upon moving to seoul , though of course not of the same degree .	i think it would be * * much * * harsher for a north korean . at least an american would be familiar with capitalism and technology , and wouldn't

1 american judges can kick out jurors whom they believe are aware of the jury's ability to nullify laws	it's funny how so many people complain about the american justice system , and yet are doing their best to prevent its change by trying to get out of jury

1 the first confirmed fatal wolf attack in north america was in 2010 .	doesn't look like it . " the case was notable as being the first fatal wolf attack in north america in which dna evidence was gathered to confirm wolf involvement

1 a young charlie wilson's dog was killed by a next door neighbor who was running for city council by mixing crushed glass into the dog's food . charlie wilson retaliated	why have you linked to the ' soviet-afghan war ' section instead of ' early political career highlights ' ?

1 weird al yankovic has asked permission from prince to parody his songs on numerous occasions , and has always been refused . when the two were assigned to sit in	is that why he made fun of prince in * word crimes * ? ( he said you don't spell a word with numbers unless your seven or your name
2 so , you listened to that whole song and still used the wrong you're ?	D: i have dishonored my family . i must go the way of the ancient samurai , hanging myself from a florecent light .

1 mohammad mosaddegh was the democratically elected prime minister of iran who was overthrown by the us cia in 1953 for having the audacity to nationalize the iranian oil industry to	this is the problem with our school system , this shouldn't be here .

1 : the pollution in china reaches los angeles , california , usa .	all pollution from everywhere eventually reaches everywhere else . if you take a deep breath , you have a 99 % chance of inhaling air that was breathed from caeser's

1 , the unused script and set designs for " lord of light " , where used for ... the fuck ?	i really , really want a high-res desktop background version of that dust jacket .

1 the roman emperor commodus would fight in the arena as a gladiator . his opponents consisted of giraffes , citizens missing limbs and wounded roman soldiers . for every appearance	he was that douche in gladiator
2 god that battle in the beginning against the barbarians was so dumb . the most professional organized army of the ancient world using no tactics at all . they just	seriously . disciplined and organized formation was the only reason the romans defeated gauls , celts and germanics on their own turf . the 1v1 combat style looks better in
3 eh , not really , it was more to do with martial will , resources , and logistics . for the most part , caesar conquered gaul by showing up	he was outnumbered by most of the forces he fought . he only had a small portion of the roman army under his command . though he did use siege

1 j . d . salinger saw more combat in world war ii than almost any other american . he fought on d-day ( utah beach ) , in the battle	i knew he was a veteran , but i guess i never realized how autobiographical some of his stories , like for esme , with love and squalor were .
2 have you ever read perfect day for bananafish ?	yeah . which is why i'm happy salinger didn't turn out like seymour .

1 the queen is the only person in the uk who is not required to have a driving licence in order to drive	she doesn't need any id . not even a passport because she is the " issuer " of all ids . that is , it is her name that is
2 likewise if she committed a crime and went to court , it would be regina vs . regina .	so ... can she not be prosecuted then ? how would that work ?
3 she can be tried in other lands . but unless she stabs someone in the face , i very much doubt that anyone would bother to attempt it .	honest question , * can * she be tried in other lands ? wouldn't she have diplomatic immunity ? another point for discussion , if you are correct that she

1 not a single player in republic of ireland's nt squad plays in the ireland league . the same ( unsurprisingly ) also goes for northern ireland , scotland and wales	that is actually surprising for scotland imo

1 the additive group z of integers can also be presented by 〈 x , y | xyxyx = 1 〉 .	what is 1 here ?

1 rashida jones provided backing vocals on maroon 5 ' s hit album , songs about jane .	that makes me fall in love with her even more

1 about the taiwanese government , which has 5 branches of government : legislative , executive , judicial , one branch to investigate corruption , and one branch to test civil	what branch keeps the anti-corruption branch from being corrupt ?
2 who watches the watchmen ?	those that the watchmen watches that watch the watchmen are those who watches the watchmen .

1 the body mass index ( bmi ) was created for a social statistics experiment , and was never intended to be an indicator of health .	it shouldnt be an indicator of health , as an athletic person with a high muscle content , im going to weigh more and effectively fall into the " overweight
2 the bmi scale is not designed for athletes , which should be fairly obvious .	should be obvious . isn't to most doctors , nutritionists , or governmental entities .

1 there is a " three generations of punishment " sentence in north korea . this means a person would be sent to the camp along with that person's entire family	that's nothing , on qo'nos you get seven generations kicked out of stova core ( heaven ) for being a douche .
2 you spell qo'nos correctly but then butcher sto'vo'kor , come on man !	that sounds like some shout .

1 1 in 4 u . s . high school students falls asleep in class every week	thats all ? something is wrong here ... dont know if school has become awesome ... or if school has started teaching math with pudding ...

1 : the term " kosher salt " comes from its use in making meats kosher by removing surface blood , not from its being made in accordance with the guidelines	isn't it non-iodized ?
2 yes kosher salt has no iodine and no anti clumping agents . so while the guidelines are not spelled out in the torah , kosher salt is different from table	i use large grain kosher salt to cook with ... especially on steak

1 " good will hunting " was going to be a kevin smith film until he declined , saying they needed a good director .	as a huge kevin smith fan , he did the right thing . he's amazing at directing and writing certain types of things , and then there's * jersey girl
2 i do like kevin smith . i enjoy his movies . i even liked clerks 2 . it's nice , and got funny moments , really sweet and nice comedy	try watching too fat for forty . it's pretty good .

1 nba hall of famer patrick ewing frequently faced racist chants while he played in college . in one game after an orange was thrown at him , the opposing coach	at one game a fan held a big sign that said " patrick ewing can't read this " , loved him as a knick , he always played hard and
2 more like it's a shame his best teammate was john starks . let's be honest jordan and hakeem couldn't have won on their own .	hakeem didn't exactly have an all-star supporting cast when he beat ewing .

1 in 2012 , ty warner ( owner of beanie babies ) stopped a woman and asked for directions in santa barbara , calif . the woman was trying to raise	i like how " owner of beanie babies " can also be used to describe someone who just owns some beanie babies .

1 alexander i of yugoslavia refused to attend public events on tuesdays after three family members died on that day of the week . after finally being forced to appear on	you can only avoid the tuesday cheap night at the movies for so long
2 you want to know what i heard ? it was a killer taco tuesday deal at casa bonita that lured him out ... $ 1 tacos , $ 3 coronas	dollar tacos and 3 dollar coronas ... don't fuck with me man .
3 you down to roll with me ? ! i got a couple places ... i hope you like carne asada !	oh ... i'm down to roll alright

1 in 1993 creedence clearwater revival's record label sued former lead singer john fogerty because his song " the old man down the road " sounded similar to " run through	why would you say " although fogerty was awarded attorney fees " when he won the case ?
2 " fogerty was awarded attorney fees and the judge declared an artist can not plagiarise themselves " may have been a clearer turn of phrase .	agreed . the word " although " makes it seem like it was unexpected .
3 although it was unexpected	actually it was a new ruling that established the precedent .

1 the venom of the brazilian wandering spider can cause an erection that lasts for hours .	why ? ! see , now i can't put my feet on the ground . how am i supposed to go to bed ? how will you make this better

1 michael jai white was the first african american man to portray a major comic book superhero in a major motion picture ( spawn in 1997 ) . he was also	his cousin is jaleel white aka steve urkel
2 i sense the potential for a crossover here .	i think a black dynamite / austin powers crossover would be much more interesting going by the trailer .

1 ronald mcdonald is called donald mcdonald in japan	i find this hilarious . i'm not easily amused .

1 when nathan lane told his mother he was gay , she replied " i would rather you were dead " . to which nathan said , " i knew you'd	there isn't a closet in the world big enough to fit nathan lane . a decade before i knew what gay was , i knew he was it .
2 woah , nathan lane is actually gay ? i never really thought about it before .	> woah , nathan lane is actually gay ? said nobody ever .
3 hey , hey now ! don't be so hard on him ! i once asked my mom if elton john was gay . i asked my mom if elton .	yeah right , next you're gonna say liberace .

1 i learned penn jillette from penn & teller has a patented " hot-tub with a jet specially angled for a woman's pleasure " called jill-jet .	; " jillette once stated that there is not enough information to make an informed decision on global warming , that his gut told him it was not real ,
2 correct me if i'm wrong but i believe he later retracted this statement ?	did he ? i just looked through the wikipedia page - it struck me as a bit out of character for him !
3 don't quote me on this but from what i recall he was , in a somewhat clumsy way , trying to say that he hadn't investigated the issue closely but	he talks about it at length in his book . he says that his intended message was something along the lines of " i don't know . al gore is

1 eddie van halen played the iconic guitar solo in michael jackson's beat it . also it was a favor and free of charge	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hGdxaehljZM

1 apple used ' carl sagan ' as a codename for a computer in the 1990s . carl sagan sent apple a cease-and-desist letter , and apple changed the name to	ladies and gentlemen the most wealthy company in america , is an eight year old . edit : to those of you jumping to apple's defense , i'm pretty sure
2 i actually think sagan was being more immature in this case .	don't you dare speak ill of lord sagan .
3 don't blame the poor lad , clearly he's not an atheist ...	neither was sagan .

1 actress hedy lamarr was also a mathematician and the inventor of frequency hopping spread spectrum , a technology still used for bluetooth and wifi	it's hedley !
2 what the hell are you worried about ? this is 1874 . you'll be able to sue * her * .	be still ariusex ! my mind is aglow with whirling , transient nodes of thought careening through a cosmic vapor of invention !
3 ditto	ditto ? ! ? !

1 ancient library of alexandria , in egypt , was in charge of collecting all the world's knowledge . any books found on ships that came into port were taken to	many of the " lost " manuscripts sit underwater at the library--and can be read with modern tech . recovery should be a high priority of some rich foundation .
2 please provide more detail or some hyperlinks ! this sounds very interesting and google isn't helping .	i second this . i was under the impression that what wasnt turned to ash was thrown into the river to run the ink away .

1 there's a waterfall in minnesota that falls into a large hole made of rock ; scientists have tried ping pong balls and dye and still don't know where the water	who wants to mount a fucking expedition to explore it . like get shittons of scuba gear and metal tether and go down ?
2 cave diving is extremely dangerous in caves where the water is still , and are mapped to great detail ... i don't want to think of the risks of going	robots , my friend . robots .
3 isn't a tethered underwater rov the most logical choice ?	you probably wouldn't have a tether long enough to get any relevant results . i say drop a dolphin down the hole and listen for sonar .

1 only 39 nuclear workers die on the job annually , compared with 6,400 coal workers . every year an additional 24,000 are killed by lung disease and 40,000 by heart	but in the one in a million chance that the reactor melts down some people may die . maybe as many as 15 people would die .

1 game of thrones revceives money from the irish government to keep airing because their innitial investment of 9 million pounds returned 65 million pounds through got related tourism .	this is why you * never * mess up a title . now all the comments are focusing on that and not on the actual article content . look what

1 ronald mcdonald is called donald mcdonald in japan	and in philly , they just [ call him ' mac ' ] ( http://37.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lxuuyhp4ee1rn95v2o1_500.png )

1 consuming asparagus affects the smell of urine , but only 22 % of the population have the gene to smell it	i'm part of the 22 % . my friends give me funny looks when i mention how strong it makes a persons urine smell .

1 after tearing a ligament in his throwing arm during what would be his final game , nolan ryan threw one last pitch that was clocked at 98 mph .	and he had sex with you girlfriend

1 neil degrasse tyson criticized the scene in " titanic " where rose looks at the night sky after the ship sank , saying the placement of the stars was inaccurate	just seems unnecessary .
2 yeah honestly this is why i never liked the guy , he just comes off as being so smug sometimes	thank you . he's like that kid in class who corrects the teacher over some pedantic nonsense with a shit eating grin on his face .
3 do you really think ndt had a shit-fit about it ? probably said it jokingly . he didn't demand the scene be redone .	he did joke . cameron even joked back like " well neil , last i checked , even with that inaccuracy , titanic has grossed [ amount the movie earned

1 johnny cash started a forest fire that destroyed over 500 acres and killed 49 of the refuge's 53 endangered condors . when confronted about it , he said " i	i read it as " johnny cash started a forest that destroyed 500 acres .. " and i was like , " whaaaaat ? " for the longest time ...

1 the rothschilds had such an efficient system of couriers that they knew napoleon lost at waterloo a day before everyone else . nathan rothschild , in one of the most	read the last word of the title as " scum " , and it still works .

1 james bond didn't trust anyone who tied their tie with a windsor knot .	my grandfather has always espoused this opinion , but if bond agrees maybe he's not so senile after all .

1 the french military actually has the best military record in europe having won 132 of the 185 battles they fought in the last 800 years	the problem with the negative connotation of surrender is that often surrender is the best strategic move . for example : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9j2nJzREQew
2 off course . but poorly educated people still think that throwing your life away for no result is totally desirable , they think they're samurais or some shit " herp	definitely in american textbooks . nathan hale " i only regret that i have but one life to give for my country "

1 if rosberg wins the wdc at abu dhabi next weekend , lewis hamilton will hold the record for most race wins in a season without winning the wdc	that will be a sad state of affairs .

1 jurassic park iv is finally being made	man , i hope the dinosaurs have feathers in this one

1 in 1561 the citizens of nuremberg witnessed an " aerial battle " that lasted for over an hour , with strangely shaped objects " fighting " each other until one	very interesting . but what ever happened to the ones that crashed into the earth ? no one went and collected debris and saved it . it seems to me
2 there are many excuses as to why there was no debris . but personally i like to think that everything used to make the ships are biodegradable .	burning field of weed ...
3 your name wouldn't happen to be a reference to shakugan no shana would it ?	yes , yes , it is ...

1 the 1937 best supporting actress oscar went to alice brady for her role in in old chicago , but she couldn't attend the ceremony , so a man walked up	it will probably turn up on pawn stars then be unverified and offered $ 6.50

1 famous mathematician paul erdos was once challenged to quit taking amphetamines for one month by a concerned friend . he succeeded , but complained " you've showed me i'm not	paul erdos was a meth-matician .
2 amphetamines and methamphetamine aren't exactly the same thing .	as someone who takes prescription amphetamines , to me its pretty obvious he was self-treating add
3 it seems typical that amphetamines enhance performance , regardless of pathology / diagnosis . or do you think that anyone who benefits from add medication has add ?	the difference is that he seems to have ceased to be able to perform his work at all , opposed to getting a " boost " . the people i

1 south korean t - 80u	it's a result of the cold war ending , so ruled out by eugen .

1 at it's top speed of 254 mph , the bugatti veyron averages only 3 mpg .	it takes a lot of energy in order to overcome the amount of drag at 254 miles per hour , even with the veyron's aerodynamic design . veryon boasts 1200
2 and it takes [ this big of an engine ] ( http://i.imgur.com/NWYDc79.jpg )	that's not just the engine though . the transmission is also in the picture .

1 dick cheney flunked out of college twice , was convicted of two dwis , received two draft deferments and shot a texas attorney .	he makes rob ford look like an amateur .

1 71 years before rosa parks , ida b . wells refused to give up her seat on a train and was thrown off by a group of white men .	ida wells was also a super badass journalist and civil rights advocate , though she was a hardcore " yellow journalist " ( sensationalist ) . she's about ten times

1 dave grohl was the drummer for nirvana	/ r / commonknowledge

1 carl sagan was not an atheist stating " an atheist is someone who is certain that god does not exist , someone who has compelling evidence against the existence of	we've been over this a thousand times . sagan was referring to gnostic atheism , meaning one who has factual knowledge of the lack of a deity . almost all
2 > sagan was referring to gnostic atheism does sagan himself ever say this ? or do people make that assumption based on how the word ' atheist ' is used	we make that assumption based off countless examples of him applying correct logic in the same manner in literally thousands of other topics .

1 the us national team won the last olympic gold medal in rugby .	you beat the french , as a brit , i'm more than ok with this
2 i dont know too much about rugby although it is cool to watch but why do you guys hate the french so much . does it have to do with	we don't really hate them any more , it's just traditional banter now .

1 x-rays are named such because röntgen didn't have a name for them , and temporarily used the mathematical designation " x " for something unknown .	in chinese , x-ray is " x光 照 片 " ( literally translated as " x light picture " ) . chinese isn't the best at adapting translations from any

1 when the nazi party held its first book burnings , one of the works destroyed was an 1821 play by heinrich heine containing the famous line : " where they	this brings up an interesting thought ... isn't regulating the internet similar to banning or * * burning * * books ?

1 venice island was built on a foundation of tree trunks . 1200 years later , those same trunks still support almost all of central venice .	and they will stay there for a thousands more years as long as they stay submerged . because they are not exposed to oxygen they do not rot . they
2 gives a new meaning to a stone forest .	what other meaning could there be ?

1 a pizza with bacon and egg on it is a common offering at australian pizza places .	i've found it extremely common in france .

1 , despite minnesota's cold winters , the mall of america ( the largest mall in the united states ) uses no central heating in its common areas	frigging mall doesn't have to i assume . i work in west edmonton mall , and that shit is like satans armpit , even in the dead of winter .
2 and what the hell do people do with all those huge jackets and sweaters and stuff when they go inside ? always been curious about that . do they just	usually most people will leave their coats in their cars . a heated elevator entrance is usually close by in the parking ramp . there's even a heated walkway from

1 the us fda allows any food product containing less than five calories per serving to be labeled as " zero calories . "	same thing with non-alcoholic beverages . they just have < . 5 % alcohol to be called non-alcoholic

1 grand duchess anastasia nikolaevna was known for being a brat , even described by some as evil . when she was young she put a rock inside a snowball and	you probably picked the lamest til possible pertaining to the russian revolution

1 elephants mourn and bury their dead .	another reason to be even more pissed off about republicans jacking the elephant as their mascot . fuck !
2 why do they use elephants as a mascot ? remember , remember , the 11th of september .	the got the elephant because they were being made fun of for being cowards , afraid of mice . dems got the donkey because they were accused of being jackasses

1 if you plant an apple seed , the resulting tree will not produce the same kinds of apples . in fact , they will taste significantly different and may be	yep . and the huge quantities of inedible apples led to the rise of apple cider aa a common drink .
2 what's the difference between the cider and the juice ?	the term cider originally , and to purists , only means fermented apple juice . in the us people started selling apple juice as cider and now it means the
3 apple cider and apple juice are very different things in the us . they look different and taste different . you're right that in the us apple cider is not	the point being that ' merkins have confused the meaning of yet another english word .

1 over 90 % of pregnancies in the united kingdom and europe with a diagnosis of down syndrome are terminated .	eh it sucks , but down syndrome kids often are hard on parents + siblings . i certainly think that i would abort a child if i had been told

1 speedy gonzales was banned by cartoon network for being an offensive stereotype , only to be returned after mass protest by the hispanic-american community .	go to south america . there is no politically correct . if you are fat , your nickname is fatso and its ok .
2 el gordo	a friend of mine is nicknamed like that , it is in a absolute non offensive way .

1 carl sagan was not an atheist stating " an atheist is someone who is certain that god does not exist , someone who has compelling evidence against the existence of	why can't we just say , " god or gods do not exist according to the current , available evidence . " it isn't our job to come up with
2 to ask the religious for evidence is to show a complete failure to understand the nature of religion .	i would say that's mostly dependent upon the religion in question .

1 gamers , playing an online protein folding game , helped decipher the structure of an aids causing virus in 10 days ; it had remained unsolved by scientists for 15	the gamers then crouched repeatedly over the structure of the aids causing virus . when asked how he felt to be a part of such a breakthrough , one gamer
2 " okay the next raid boss is cancer , is everyone familiar with the strategies for this one ? "	after several minutes , one voice pipes up amidst the swearing , " least i got chicken . "
3 i was pretty sure he says ' at least i ain't chicken '	pretty sure it was " at least i have chicken " because he said he had to go for dinner before running in . i may have forgotten though ,

1 cats feel no discomfort in temperatures up to 126 ° f ( 52 ° c ) and can tolerate temperatures up to 133 ° f ( 56 ° c )	that seems like a pretty drastic change . they're fine at 126 , but 7 degrees hotter and they're fucked ?

1 andy kaufmann , as a condition of accepting cbs's offer to star on the show taxi , required that they hire one of his characters - tony clifton - to	" [ man on the moon ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=roKZ1cN_N50 ) " , great movie , and jim carry's best roll ever . god the eyes ! !

1 maurice wilson , a former british soldier with no prior experience of mountaineering tried to climb everest alone & without oxygen in 1934 . his body was found a year	isn't everest littered with frozen corpses like his ? i don't think his case is unique .
2 http://www.buzzfeed.com/toddvanluling/dead-bodies-on-mount-everest	that's horrible , and it's also really telling about how dangerous the mountain is that they can't remove the bodies . it would be nice if some climbers would get
3 a few years a go a korean or japanese ( i forget which ) team climbed up with the sole intention of removing one of the bodies . they spent	what makes moving the bodies so difficult ?

1 in japan , trains are so punctual that any delay over 5 minutes usually incurs an apology over the tanoy and a " delay certificate " for passengers on their	fuck the amtrak . 5 hrs late is the standard .
2 i was taking a train from portland to seattle for pax . the train didn't get to portland until we should have already been to seattle . not even close	what do you mean , " for pax " ? edit : [ now i know ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Penny_Arcade_Expo )

1 only 39 nuclear workers die on the job annually , compared with 6,400 coal workers . every year an additional 24,000 are killed by lung disease and 40,000 by heart	here is a graph that compares the # of deaths of each energy source per unit energy : [ graph ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mFa6f.jpg ) numbers come from [ here ]
2 i looked at the coal death rate of china compared to the us and my jaw dropped .	worth noting that those are not just the toll on industry workers . the chinese figure includes 500k civilian deaths per year attributed to coal pollution .

1 united states founding father john dickinson was nearly unanimously elected as president of delaware ; the only dissenting vote was from himself	i think i recall a similar election in iraq .

1 a koi fish , named " hanako " , was owned by several individuals over many years and lived to be 226 years old , dying in 1977 .	i really want to know about all of the different owners .

1 hunter s . thompson appeared outside jack nicholson's home on the night of nicholson's birthday . he set off a high-powered spotlight and gunfire and played a tape of animal	jack nicholson out crazied by the master .
2 you throw some nick nolte and rip torn in there and baby , you've got a stew going .	torn is crazy ? how bout a pinch o busey .
3 busey was a fucking genius ... until the accident : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gary_Busey#Personal_life warning - sad !	chet fucking steadman - the rocket

1 an f1 driver was killed in 1977 by striking a track marshal at 270 kph . the marshal was literally torn in half .	so two retards died that day .
2 build a phrase containing the following words : - fuck - yourself - cactus	c'mon , man .

1 wal-mart once pulled midge , a doll in the barbie line , from the shelves due to concerns she was pregnant with no wedding ring and it would promote teen	i think they weren't really worried that it would promote it , so much as remove the shame and stigma . our society loves shame and stigma , particularly for
2 yes , god forbid we have shame and stigma for such a harmful phenomenon . if it feels good , do it bro !	> harmful phenomenon because a woman being forced to marry upon fertilization has worked so well for them in the past .
3 can we say " false dichotomy "	sure , but you might want to research its meaning when you do .

1 many phrases in english come from literal translations of chinese phrases , such as " long time no see " , " no go " , " lose face "	window is from old norse meaning wind eye . even stranger is that the the english name of the metal tungsten originates from swedish , meaning heavy stone , while
2 [ list of english words of norse origin ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_English_words_of_Old_Norse_origin ) i particularly like berserk , which means bear-shirt	we invented bugs ! the old norse programmers weren't any better than those today . but seriously that's a great list . cake , dirt , egg , gift ,
3 its weird that " gift " has such a different meaning in modern scandinavian languages .	which one , married or poison ? or perhaps both

1 robin williams originally rejected the role of the genie in aladdin until he was shown an animation of the genie doing his own stand-up routine .	i would love to see that .

1 poet stanislaw jerzy lec survived a german concentration camp by killing his guard with a shovel that was given to him to dig his own grave - and then escaping	poetic justice .
2 put it in a song .	mom's spaghetti

1 a german officer asked picasso " did you do this " , when he saw a photo of the painting ' guernica ' , a painting about the effects of	the officer was then like , " no but furreal "

1 mark knopfler would not allow weird al to parody his song " money for nothing " unless he was the one to play guitar on the parody .	and the only one to make money from the song was sting .
2 who was actually just singing don't stand so close to me with different lyrics .	i don't get it

1 there is an antidote for alcohol intoxication that never made it to the market	yeah , but it has some serious side effects and legal implications . until we come up with a better one , looks like you're just going to have to
2 the side effects seem to be that it wears off before the alcohol in the person system is metabolized . this opens up the issue of patients taking it ,	the article also mentions anxiety and convulsions at higher doses , noting its use would need to be carefully controlled . so not great all around it seems
3 also , people could drink extreme amounts , and not even realize they've reached a lethal level . it only blocks how it affects the nervous system . take that	alcohol only kills via cns depression in acute intoxication .

1 shakira was banned from her school choir because her music teacher didn ’ t think she could sing and ' sounded like a goat '	never listened to her , tried a random video . she sounds like eddie vedder swallowed kate bush and is trying to cough her up . edit : i'm not

1 a clock's hands moving ' clockwise ' was intended to imitate the way the shadow on a sundial in the northern hemisphere moves during the day .	/ u / gorbok is a 1st grader

1 mark twain was born during a visit by halley's comet and predicted he would die during its next visit . he wrote " here are these two unaccountable freaks ;	psychology is a bitch . this is basically the reverse of the placebo effect . spend enough time believing you are gonna get fucked up by something and your body

1 the nazis kidnapped hundreds of thousands of polish children they deemed to be racially superior , and forcibly germanized them . only 10-15 % were ever returned .	how does one become " germanized " ? " you vill eat ze schnitzel and you vill like it , ja ? ! ! "
2 actually , schniztels are pretty popular throughout all of central europe , so that wouldn't exactly be a cultural difference .	.

1 president obamas secret service codename is renegade	it's because he's never been afraid to say what's on his mind at any fuckin ' time o ' day
2 correction , he has never been afraid to say anything on his teleprompter . please tell the truth .	if you're going to make fun of obama for using a teleprompter you have to make fun of everybody else who does . by that standard there are just about
3 the problem with obama is that he uses it to even say hello to his neighbors .	ah , so you're just a anti obama zealot who repeats snide jokes . gotcha .

1 stanley kubrick was approached by the beatles to direct them in a film version of lord of the rings .	one ringo to rule them all ...
2 " leg-o-las in the skyyyyy with dra-a-gonssss . "	trying to figure out why this comment has so many down votes .
3 " lucy " has two syllables . " legolas " has three . no one fucks up beatles songs and gets away with it .	and there are no dragons in the lord of the rings .

1 in the 1931 movie , frankenstein , the line " now i know what it feels like to be god ! " following " it's alive ! it's alive !	that's a long ass thunder clap .
2 it was a slow golf thunder clap	thunder clap , barry's back !

1 " killing in the name " by rage against the machine was a # 1 hit in the uk ... in december 2009	even better was the radio interview they did on bbc radio 1 and all the producers were like uve got to do the radio edit when you perform it ,
2 i remember that . " we asked them not to . " lol	the irony is strong .

1 the us invaded guatemala in 1954 and deposed democratically elected president jacobo árbenz guzmán for the benefit of an american fruit company	and we wonder why every other country in the world hates us :(
2 because we provide more foreign aid than any other country in the world ?	by % of gdp , you're pretty low down .
3 those on the receiving end don't give a shit about how much of our gdp we give just that they get x amount of dollars . a school or water	completely true , but you're bragging about it when you technically give less . who's the most generous : a millionaire who gives away $ 10 , or a homeless

1 for the film dogma , kevin smith warned jason mewes that he needed to be on point due to the involvement of " real actors , " such as alan	" like ben ? " " no , real actors "

1 gamers , playing an online protein folding game , helped decipher the structure of an aids causing virus in 10 days ; it had remained unsolved by scientists for 15	also how to dial the 9th chevron .
2 finally ! someone who will understand my username .	it was an incredibly popular show . i'd say most redditors would understand .
3 ten seasoons and a movie ! ( and , unfortunately , another movie coming that's supposed to erase sg - 1 )	a movie ? there was the first movie , ark of truth , which tied up the end of season 10 , and continuum as well , which was a

1 jacob appelbaum , a man who has been repeatedly targeted by us law enforcement agencies for his work with wikileaks , was once detained by us customs ; they searched	" photographed by irina slutsky " i can only imagine high school for that girl .
2 i read that as well . i'm having trouble thinking of a more unfortunate , or fortunate , last name .	cryptographer [ clifford christopher cocks ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clifford_Cocks )

1 when the seinfeld finale aired , tv land paid tribute by not programming any shows opposite it , instead just showing a still shot of a closed office door with	frank sinatra died on the same day of the seinfeld finale and the ambulance could get through traffic in la because everyone was watching the finale o_o
2 i feel bad for anyone who had to be rushed to the hospital during the arrested development finale .	the arrested development finale was scheduled against the opening ceremony of the 2006 winter olympics , anyway .

1 the producers of m * a * s * h * didn't want a laugh track , their argument being that there wasn't a laugh track on the actual korean	on the dvds , you can choose to watch episodes without the laugh track , and they are actually much better to watch . the feel more like short films
2 i got on a roll of watching these without the laugh track , watched a huge amount of them in a row . now the laugh track seems out of	i second that recommendation

1 manual gearboxes are lighter , cheaper , give better performance and fuel efficiency . they are the most common type everywhere besides north america and australia .	nissan's puredrive cvt transmission is more fuel efficient than a manual one . mazda's skyactive transmission is based off of nissan's .
2 yep . audi s-tronic automatic transmissions also beat their manual counterparts in gas mileage , and perform just as well power-wise . op's statement may be true for older automatics	audi's are dsgs though are they not ? that's a computer controlled manual not an auto
3 eh , still an automatic imo . sure , the underlying technology is based on a manual transmission , but no one at an audi dealership is going to call	it's true at least with the paddles they are slightly better than normal autos . a real manual is still my favorite by miles

1 in 1988 , actor gary busey was in a severe motorcycle accident . busey , not wearing a helmet , was in a coma for 33 days . in 2008	just prior to his accident , he was vocally opposed to a proposed california state helmet law requiring all motorcycle riders to wear a dot approved helmet . some people
2 he shouldn't have to wear a helmet . if he wants to be a dumbass and get himself killed then so be it .	he didn't die though .

1 the longest ever recorded sniper kill was shot from 2,475 meters or 1.54 miles away by british coh craig harrison . the bullet took over 6 seconds to reach its	get on google maps , and draw a straight line from your front door 1.54 miles out in any direction and attempt to gain some perspective on how insanely far
2 reading that it took 6 seconds is enough to impress the hell out of me .	take a shot , cue jeopardy music .

1 in february 2012 , lehigh university of pennsylvania released a study that priced the death star based on the cost of steel to produce it . it believed that in	i want to see death star vs borg cube battle .

1 francis collins , director of the nih and the human genome project , is a devout christian .	so ? i've found that most atheists believe in just as much superstitious nonsense as religious people . whether it's free will or a lucky pair of socks . humans
2 my favorite is loudly-nonreligious people who are absolutely in love with anything that has the word ' quantum ' in it , and when pressed , turn out to not	my personal favorite is the invisible hand of the free market . and it's usually the most hardline ayn randists who tout it .

1 jehovah's witnesses have falsely predicted the end of the world 20 times .	awwww they came by my house just yesterday . they gave me a pamphlet and it was a very nice old lady with a well dressed young man . they
2 > get with the right theology which is ?	pssssshhhhhhh as if you don't know ...

1 stilton blue cheese is known to frequently cause odd , vivid dreams	is there an american equivalent ?
2 assuming you don't live in an isolated community with one basic grocery store , you can easily buy imported stilton in the states .	i'm of a mind to make a run to the local safeway and actually check out what kind of cheese they have . . . i need to expand my

1 during ww2 the allies discovered that the germans were using the leaning tower of pisa as an observation post . a u . s army sergeant that was sent to	i'm surprised so many historical monuments survived both world wars . it is nothing short of amazing .
2 all of the bridges in florence were blown up by the retreating germans , apart from the ponte vecchio ( quite a beautiful name until you find out it just	it's almost as if seeing cultures first hand , and meeting the inhabitants of foreign countries makes you less inclined to arbitrarily wipe them off the face of the earth
3 nah hitler still ordered the execution of all italian soldiers under german command when italy surrendered . but he did try to save some of the art .	wrong

1 the french philosopher voltaire said , " canada [ is ] a country covered with snows and ices eight months of the year , inhabited by barbarians , bears and	what an idiot ... ... it's covered by snows and ices 9 months of the year . other than that , spot on .
2 edmontonian here i kept track of snow days last year . we had 6.5 months of snow . get it right voltaire .	clearly he's using the wrong weather guy . he's gotta get with classen .

1 although allied with japan , hitler had planned to go in war against the " yellow people " of asia in an ultimate showdown ( wwiii ? ) between nazis	it's interesting that in december of ' 41 , hitler didn't need to declare war on the us . he could have sat it out , very similar to how
2 didn't the ussr invade japan towards the end of the war ? pushing through manchuria from the north .	they invaded manchuria . not japan , but what is now northeastern china , which had been occupied by japan in the 1930s there were also border skirmishes and some
3 manchuria was effectively japan at the time .	more like colonial japan . nowhere outside the main collections of islands we call japan today , not even official japanese soil like okinawa , was treated like actual japan

1 the president has a blood bank , with his own blood type , in the trunk of his car	that isn't a car . it's a rolling fortress .

1 according to the bible , david was offered the king's daughter if he came back with 100 foreskins of slain enemies . he came back with 200 .	that's like 300,000 in today's foreskins .
2 damn foreskin inflation .	see a doctor
3 or just wash .	it's a delicacy in some countries

1 the us military airdropped 2.4 million pop-tarts over afghanistan in 2001	god damn ... all those pop tarts and no milk

1 john mccain broke both arms and a leg , then had his shoulder crushed when his plane went down in north vietnam . he was then tortured for two years	broke both his arms ? did someone say broke both arms ?
2 how did he wipe his ass ?	with the money he stole from americans in the savings and loan scandal in 1989 .

1 billie piper ( the actress who played rose tyler in doctor who ) divorced from her wealthy husband , she opted not to claim any money from him , stating	so she isnt a chav after all , she just played one on tv . thats comforting
2 american , i still don't know what a chav is . that episode and your comment are the only two places i've seen the word . edit : 20 comments	the combination of a guido and a red neck .

1 in everquest , the sale of valuable items for both in-game platinum and for actual money allows exchange rates to be worked out . the bbc reported in 2002 that	near the end of my time with that game ( early 2000 ' s ) when the bazaar was the only way to sell and buy ( i think that
2 i believe the bazaar was introduced with luclin in december 2001 .	beginning of the end for ec tunnel . sad days . wtb fbss ...
3 you just made me so nostalgic , holy shit . looks like i'm gonna go play p1999 now .	p1999 is pretty fun . close to the original , but some differences and it's different when everyone knows everything about the game

1 the stackable shape of pringles potato chips was designed with the aid of super computers , and is known mathematically as a hyperbolic paraboloid .	correct me if i'm wrong but isn't this the supposed shape of the universe as well ? something about being saddle shapped to allow for infinite expansion without it expanding

1 timothy mcveigh wanted his organs donated post mortem but this was prohibited . his psychiatrist said he was " a decent person who allowed rage to build up inside him	i mean , he was killed by lethal injection ... i have to assume that kindof ruins your vital organs ...

1 a canadian man videotaped himself torturing , murdering , and committing acts of necrophilia on an asian exchange student , then sent his body parts to the canadian government	i totally read that as if he sent parts of his own body to the canadian government .
2 i was wondering for a solid 10 seconds how the hell he managed it .	with extreme force of will .

1 tommy chong used to be in a band called four niggers and a chink .	i consider myself a music snob and i am familiar with bobby taylor & the vancouvers and had no idea he was in that band .
2 what the heck is a music snob ?	just some snob that thinks he's musically informed enough to be considered a " music snob " . - sincerely , some snob that thinks he's snob informed enough to

1 roger ebert said the 2004 film national treasure was " so silly that the monty python version could use the same screenplay , line for line . "	[ sounds like that movie airplane is based on ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-BjU-e01zQ4 ) ... they barely had to change the script .
2 i just want you all to know , we're all counting on you . good luck . i'll never know why i thought that was so funny the first time	hey just a quick reminder , if you mess up we all die , we're counting on you , no pressure but good luck . ( it might of also

1 oral sex was illegal in canada ... until 1969 .	heh . 69 .
2 fucking comedy genius	gold , jerry !
3 the jar is round , the glass is round , why don't they call it roundtine ?	[ circletine ! ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=19PWUliieNM )

1 on june 27 , 1844 , mormon founder joseph smith was murdered by an angry mob while he sat in a jail cell . the incident arose after smith ordered	members of the mormon church are generally taught smith was murdered by an angry mob for no good reason at all and that he " went like a lamb to
2 mormons weren't forbidden to drink wine then . get your facts straight .	no , they weren't forbidden to drink wine then . but they are now . most of the lessons in church conveniently leave out the part where he got tipsy
3 i don't know if you can say they got tipsy they had one glass each according to the historical record	lightweights .

1 dr . phil does not have an active licence to practice psychology , and the california board of psychology determined that he does not require one because his show involves	that's why i get all my advice and moral lessons from a qualified professional like dr . laura .
2 you've got a point there . if we ever need advice from a doctor of physiology , especially concerning [ the effects of insulin in lab rats ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dr_Laura#Early_life_and_education	who's dr . laura ?
3 she has , or had , a radio advice show	and a dr . degree from an unacreddited university !

1 happy hour is illegal in kansas	[ kansas liquor laws ] ( http://skyways.lib.ks.us/ksleg/KLRD/Publications/Kansas_liquor_laws_2003.pdf )

1 the flavour " blackcurrant " is largely unknown to people in the united states , due to a ban on the berry in the early 1900s .	for the first time after reading a til , i'm genuinely amazed . americans don't have blackcurrants ? ! how can a civilised society exist without ribena ?
2 i can't fathom how a civilised society can exist without ribena , if america doesn't have marmite either i'm going to have to scratch it off my places to go	i've got some bad news for you ...
3 no marmite or ribena ? this is the greatest injustice in history , i demand marches , civil disobedience , even a few dedicated individuals to go to jail this	i don't know what either of those things are .

1 fanta was invented during wwii when coca-cola couldn't import syrup into nazi germany due to a trade embargo , so instead invented a new drink , just for nazi germany	fanta reminds me of these [ japanese fanta commercials ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o2hQGOOR5g0 )
2 for two minutes , i thought i was playing shogun total war again .	our men are running from the battlefield shamefur dispray
3 do they really talk like that in shogun ? !	http://youtu.be/NjA9V1Vn2TE?t=5m45s

1 stalin , while in his mid 30s , had an affair with a 13 year old girl and got her pregnant twice .	one of his daughters defected to the us and it was a huge embarrassment for them ... she was even trotsky'ed out of his history and photos . she actually
2 why the fuck did someone downvote you for this ? i'd love to see the justification .	the reddit voting algorithm makes it so that the votes displayed are not always an accurate depiction of votes cast , or so i'm told .
3 have an upvote , i think ?	you , too . maybe .

1 during world war ii jehovah's witnesses were put in concentration camps by both nazi germany and canada .	false , canada , while evil , did not actually put them in ' concentration ' camps . if you need help figuring out the difference : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nazi_concentration_camps

1 about the best invasion attempt in history .	he's a nuclear physicist and the best he can come up with is a semi ? / disappointed
2 yea , i would have had a full raging ... oh , you're talking about his gun .	... [ raging bull ] ( http://www.budsgunshop.com/catalog/product_info.php/products_id/11886 ) ?

1 the letter e is the most commonly used letter in 11 languages .	could anyone with linguistics knowledge comment on this ? is it easier on the mouth or clarity than other sounds ?

1 sean connery had a gun pointed at him by a gangster and proceeded to disarm and knock the gangster to the floor .	that's probably why he's the best bond

1 hitler ordered for oxford not to be bombed as he planned for it to be the capital of his new kingdom .	this is a different reason from why he didn't bomb parliament though .

1 black cyclist marshall " major " taylor overcame intense discrimination , like being choked to unconsciousness by a competitor , to be the first black world champion . one of	that handlebar shape is boss .

1 in 1965 at age 90 and with no heirs jeanne calment sold her apartment to lawyer andré-françois raffray on a contingency contract . raffray , aged 47 agreed to pay	it's worth mentioning that this woman died in 1997 at the age of 122 . she also met vincent van gogh .
2 > according to calment , she met vincent van gogh at the age of 13 , when he came into her father's shop in 1888 . she found him to	how funny . someone i'm reading about on the internet dissed me .

1 in 1927 several million people in the united states sent over 100,000 petitions urging congress to adopt the metric system .	we're on the metric system though . for like , science ' n shit .
2 then you graduate and go to work at a company using imperial units . source : bitter engineer	i'm a cm in an industrial construction firm so i'm good .

1 frank zappa's grammy-winning album jazz from hell received a " parental advisory " sticker even though it is a collection of instrumental pieces and contains no lyrics at all .	time to throw on you are what you is and , once again , wonder what the fuck happened to music .

1 about boxer michael gomez , the " irish mexican " who decided one day to quit boxing . in the middle of a national title fight . in the middle	[ video of the incident . ( 2:15 ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XiJYi3ZEuOU )
2 this might get downvoted but it doesn't look like he threw the fight . he got hit hard than dropped his guard .	that's exactly what i was thinking . it looked like he took a hard hit and then got dazed . took a few more blows from an enthusiastic opponent and

1 moose attack more people annually than bears and wolves combined .	i had one charge me once . i promptly shit my pants and ran around a tree for about 5 mins before being able to climb it . it would
2 how did you get out of that situation ?	i waited until the other line cutter came by and it didn't chase him so i came down . probably waited like 3 joints time up there .

1 indonesia realized dead manta rays are worth $ 500 whereas manta ray tourism brought in $ 1,000 , 000 over the life of a single ray . indonesia is now	manta rays are so beautiful and graceful as they glide through the water . they are also extremely docile . i don't understand how anyone could hurt such a magnificent

1 , although it was the only book in the series to be split into two movies , " harry potter and the deathly hallows " was not even the series's	dealthy hallows was split for monetary purposes , not content purposes . you can skim the first half of the book and skip part 1 of they movie without really

1 sperm cells have a sense of smell .	this makes a huge amount of sense .

1 tycho brahe had a tame elk . it died by drinking too much beer at a dinner and falling down some stairs .	the greatest naked eye astronomer who ever lived ( and likely ever will , what with the invention of the telescope ) .

1 fred phelps , head pastor for wbc , is not allowed entry to britain	personally i think that the reason he's not allowed entry into the uk would be for his own personal safety , we don't take kindly to foreigner's coming over and

1 trickle-down economics used to be known as the " horse and sparrow " theory based on the idea that if you feed the horse enough oats , some will pass	i see why they changed it .

1 there are plants that , when eaten by herbivores , release chemicals to call in predators .	interesting to know whether it was plants that evolved to do this or predators evolved to sense this .

1 benjamin guggenheim , heir to mining magnate meyer guggenheim , dressed in his finest suit , had a glass of brandy and smoked a cigar as the titanic sank .	haha , he could have also said : " tell my wife i gallantly escorted my mistress , the one i took on this romantic trip instead of you ,
2 maybe he was in an open relationship and had permission to have floozies ?	or it was just the early 1900s and he was rich .

1 in the new deal , fdr called for a new tax program called the revenue act of 1935 , which imposed an income tax of 79 % on incomes over	i fail to see why everyone is flipping their shit about this http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Income_tax_in_the_United_States#mediaviewer/File:Historical_Mariginal_Tax_Rate_for_Highest_and_Lowest_Income_Earners.jpg the top tax rate has been much higher and at a much lower bracket .
2 > i fail to see why everyone is flipping their shit about this it's reddit . if you're not part of the circlejerk against the wealthy they downvote you .	wait a minute . i thought the circlejerk was against statist liberals takin our monies ? if i don't know which way to jerk , i am in danger of

1 during the munich massacre , the camera crews filmed the actions and broadcasted it live on tv , so the terrorists were able to watch the police prepare an attack	today's journalists are very respectful of human life and much more conscientious of safety and security . they do what they can to avoid interfering in any critical situation ,
2 there was a guy in london some months back who took an office hostage sort of and trashed the place . the press pretty much showed the snipers on the	most of the time , if you see a sniper , they want you to see them .
3 that would apply to military snipers , not really to a police sniper set up on a rooftop .	wow , the only logic that statement has is that the words are spelled correctly .

1 sky news uk initially reported that " the entire eastern seaboard of the united states has been decimated by a terrorist attack " on 9/11	fun fact : sky news won a bafta award for coverage of the september 11th attacks [ source ] ( http://www.imdb.com/event/ev0000123/2002 )

1 in peter jackson's king kong , carl denham suggests contacting " fay " to play the main character of his film , only to be told " she's doing a	it's also anachronistic , because back then top actors were all under contract with a specific studio , so you couldn't call up an actor to get them to do

1 termites are being researched as a possible renewable energy source as they can produce up to 2 litres of hydrogen from ingesting a single sheet of paper , making them	don't get too excited . i first read about this 5 years ago and there's still not a whole lot to show for it .
2 what's the problem with that hydrogen will always be the fuel of the future !	hydrogen fuel is not feasible until someone figures out how to store it for everyday use
3 i like how reddit insists on how hydrogen just won't happen because limitations but insist electricity is the way of the future and will happen despite limitations .	reddit is so full of shit .

1 in 1996 oprah winfrey was sued for causing $ 11 million in damages to cattle farmers simply for mentioning that she would not eat another burger after a show about	she actually did that to save all the cows for herself .
2 [ don't make her angry , you won't like her when she's angry . ] ( http://imgur.com/E3jPN )	i was hoping for a gif of oprah turning into the hulk . i am ok with this , but still want to see oprah turning into the hulk .

1 a school board tried to ban to kill a mocking bird . harper lee donated money so that members of the school board could enroll in the first grade and	feel like back in the day people burned each other better .
2 do burnt people smell like bacon ?	leos of course .

1 the snl jeopardy sketch was created by norm macdonald purely so that he could show off his burt reynolds impression .	norm is great , but every time i see those old jeopardy sketches i remember that darrell hammond is probably the most under-rated snler . never really broke out big
2 he apparently had intense psychological problems , and struggled terribly with his drug addiction . i'm told his autobiography is a hell of a read .	it's a really good read .

1 when bono was 14 , his mother died at her father's funeral	despite common opinion , he's actually a very sincere , well meaning , kind guy . my grandmother worked for principal management and they gave her a house to live
2 yep , he used to be friends with my dad when u2 first got famous . my dad's a lifelong unsuccessful painter , and bono bought a few of his	guggi ?
3 nope	sure it is

1 there is an empty grave next to the prophet muhammad intended for jesus after he returns	let's just wait , jesus will surely deliver .
2 let's not ignore how awesome things would be if jesus did return .	so , pardon my ignorance , what does the bible say it will be ? ( i googled it but i get tons of crazy websites ... )
3 the anti-christ will take over the world and everything will suck really fucking bad . god will get sick of this and send jesus back . he doesn't send hippy	dude ! thats awesome , you should tl :D r the whole bible .

1 the united states marine corps tested the usefulness of ordinary skateboards in urban combat	okay , well fuck war , and this is retarded . but imagine if you could pull it off ? like , skating along and dropping targets with your assault

1 the 16th century monk giordano bruno proposed that stars were distant suns surrounded by exoplanets that could contain life . he was sentenced to death by the same man who	yep , just another fine example of religion holding back scientific progress .

1 wwii japan killed 4 million more people than the nazis , practiced mengele-like human experimentation , cannibalized and tortured pows , and forced women into military sex slavery	every week someone here first learns of ww2
2 says a lot about the western education system , right ?	to me the only thing it says something about is people's inability to use the search function
3 which also says a lot about our education system . learning how to google and look up information and be wary of a given source's bias should be on every	if you want to talk about " our " education system vs whomever's , i dont think japan is even teaching this stuff to this day , so whatever

1 on one of richard branson ’ s last days at school , his headmaster , told him he would either end up in prison or become a millionaire .	it's not too late

1 " good will hunting " was going to be a kevin smith film until he declined , saying they needed a good director .	i could see it now : matt damon's character replaced by jay and robin william's character replaced by silent bob .

1 after arriving in los angeles at 19 , a broke charlize theron tried to cash a check from her mother to pay for rent , but the teller refused .	life is hard when you are a ridiculously hot blonde woman .

1 the soviets found that sniper duties fit women well , since good snipers are patient , careful , deliberate , can avoid hand-to-hand combat , and need higher levels of	i understand the first few points but do women automatically have higher levels of aerobic conditioning ?

1 guy ritchie got circumcised because of madonna's belief in kabbalah ( and now of course they're divorced )	ritchie's thought process " if i want to stick my dick in madonna i need to get circumcised ... easy choice ! "

1 the film " one flew over the cuckoo's nest " was shown in swedish theaters for 11 years straight	how come sweden is the most popular scandinavian country on the internet ? you don't really hear anything about norway or denmark .
2 why would you mention denmark but not finland ? i think finland is more up there with norway and sweden than denmark . am i not correct ? i always	http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scandinavia#Terminology_and_use that's why , also because their language is very different from swedish , norwegian , and danish .

1 playboy refused to print richard thompson's list of best songs of the millennium because he took the task literally and chose songs dating back to 1068	i want to listen to that 1068 song
2 the oldest one that he actually performed in his " 1000 years of popular music " was [ sumer is icumen in ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZiauqwQIdnw ) .	i love it

1 no physical clone trooper costume was ever produced for the star wars prequels . every single clone trooper is a computer generated image .	this is what bothered me most about the prequels . i remember a scene from episode 1 that had one storm trooper in the background and all i could think

1 , author tom robbins never edits his books . he spends hours or days on a single sentence before moving on , and once he puts a period on it	* still life with woodpecker * was a damn good book .

1 metal from the fallen world trade center were used on the curiosity and spirit rover .	tyl elements from the big bang were used in your mother's vibrator !
2 tyl = to your linformation ?	today you learned ?

1 there is an empty grave next to the prophet muhammad intended for jesus after he returns	how fantastic can heaven be if jesus is going to opt to return to earth , knowing he will die and be shoved in a dusty old tomb ?

1 singapore has the world's highest percentage of millionaires , with one out of every six households having at least $ 1,000 , 000 us dollars in disposable wealth .	at all people from singapore , or people who have been there and can compare to other countries in the world : how is it to actually live there ?
2 yeah , i'm very curious as well .	basically we're pretty well to do , very clean , very safe , very wealthy , but also very unhappy people .
3 where do singaporeans go on vacation and what do they do ?	singaporeans have the money to travel anywhere in the world . basically we go and do stuff we can't do in singapore . cold countries to ski . beaches to

1 the parents in ferris buellers day off met onset and actually got married after filming	> broderick said of the ferris bueller role , " it eclipsed everything , i should admit , and to some degree it still does . " later at the
2 maybe he shoulda gone to school that day instead of making a movie .	then it kicked off a bunch of movies about free-spirited teenagers with the main character's name in the title .
3 like what ?	the most obvious example is ferris wheel's day off ( 1989 ) , in which a young mr wheel takes a day off working only to find himself accidentally inventing

1 an identity thief stole the identity of a surgeon and while aboard a navy destroyer was tasked with performing several life saving surgeries . he proceeded to memorize a medical	they survived but how long ? did he stay in a holiday inn ?
2 i found it funny that even though he was found out , he was never charged . i'd imagine if someone were to pretend to work at a bank and	" i'd imagine if someone were to pretend to work at a bank and handed out some good advice to customers you'd still end up in jail . " i'm
3 impersonation has got to be illegal no ?	imagine the shitty lawsuits between parents of schoolchildren . not a thing . impersonating someone and defaming their character / business is .

1 what al-qaida's strategy for 2001-2020 is	but instead of a caliphate , we're getting pro-democracy revolts all across the region - talk about a last-minute upset .
2 fyi : caliphate is constitutional republic . caliphate as political system is democracy . conservative democracy , not liberal democracy , but still .	nevertheless , most of the people in the streets aren't calling for a caliphate . ubl said , " these countries do not belong to their rulers , they belong

1 john travolta was originally asked to star in the movie " forrest gump " , but turned it down . he later regretted his decision .	the reason travolta turned down forrest gump was to do pulp fiction . i think everyone wins here
2 it should also be noted that michael madsen ( mr . blonde ) was originally offered the role of vincent vega in pulp fiction . he went turned it down	* wyatt earp * isn't really that bad of a movie . it's just that * tombstone * , which came out around the same time , was so much

1 - the gangster films used in home alone 1 & 2 were parodies made specifically for the films .	[ get down on your knees and tell me you love me ] ( http://youtu.be/V7fqaNNXQMk )

1 nelson mandela is an honorary harlem globetrotter .	poor bender

1 microsoft added a flowers mode to minesweeper to avoid offending landmine victims	why would a landmine victim be playing a game called " minesweeper " ?

1 ticketmaster was investigated by the doj for anticompetitive business practices . the investigation abruptly ended when ticketmaster hired a firm whose former partners occupied top posts in the doj's antitrust	i'll also point out that the linked source from the wikipedia article really should be [ this one ] ( http://articles.latimes.com/1995-05-30/business/fi-7594_1_concert-ticketing-business/2 ) because that has the information about the relationship
2 why didn't you use that article that it should have been , then ? wouldn't let you repost it ?	wikipedia had it with the context , it would be hard to understand if it were just the article .

1 ranch dressing is named as it is because it was the signature dressing of the hidden valley ranch in california and was imitated by competitors as " ranch style .	but is it the best ? i would say yes , but then again newman's own is pretty good . i wonder how many local brands are out there that
2 what ever imo's pizza uses for their salads is my favorite . actually , it's one of the few i like .	dude , yes .

1 dr . francis m . fesmire won the 2006 ig nobel prize in medicine for discovering how to cure the hiccups with rectal massage .	so what i'm getting at this is that when one is farting too much , the remedy is to give your mouth a massage ? ! sounds reasonable enough to

1 the apollo 15 , 16 , and 17 lunar rover used change of phase wax to cool its batteries and electronics . it would melt to passively cool the systems	that's so fucking cool
2 yeah science !	[ yeah science bitch ! ] ( http://i.imgur.com/sbwEyXS.jpg )

1 in 1919 australia had a major cactus problem , with 260,000 km2 of farming land turned into an impenetrable " green hell " , in places 6m high , with	historically , arsenic was used as a herbicide to eradicate cactus . that was before they realised the health impacts on humans
2 the also used cyanide in gold mining . gold mining traditionally happened along waterways so they were effectively dumping cyanide into the drinking water .	not saying it wasn't bad ( no doubt it was ) , but how bad it is really depends on how much cyanide there is and how diluted it is

1 there are documents that state that pope pius xii tried to perform an exorcism on hitler at a distance , but failed .	maybe they should have stopped celebrating hitler's birthday in catholic churches - which was done up to the very end of the war .

1 during a lecture , an oxford philosopher made the claim that although a double negative in english implies a positive meaning , there is no language in which a double	you see , this is the kind of thing i'd think of in the shower later that night . fuckin ' witty oxford professor makin ' me feel all inadequate
2 / r / showerthoughts	/ r / showerbeer

1 lake superior has enough water to cover the entire land mass of north and south america with 1 foot of water .	i live there ! ! ! yay ! ! !

1 8 state constitutions prohibit atheists from holding public office - - in violation of the us constitution	instead of the normal method of preventing atheists from holding office by having an unpleasantly ignorant electorate .
2 i wish i was born in a time where people read about christianity only in history books . edit : to clarify , i singled out christianity because it is	me too . man , we'd be exploring the galaxies in our starship cruisers , communicating with the colonists on terraformed mars and other planets ... because this will be

1 approximately 4 316 000 000 000 000 (= 4,316 quadrillion or 4,316 million billion ) neutrinos from the sun go through your body every second	the word ' neutrino ' in spanish is the diminutive form for a man who's been neutered .

1 the cost of the international space station is funded by the usa 81 % , russia 8 % , europe 3 % , japan 3 % , and canada 1	so in reality its the us ss and we just kinda let the other people put their name on the project .
2 well without the russians we have no way of getting to and from the ss . we have no shuttles anymore , they do .	wrong we have shuttles , they belong to the airforce .

1 under medieval welsh law , a woman was allowed to hit her husband's concubine , even if it killed the concubine . a woman could only be beaten by her	don't blemish my beard ! !

1 when genghis khan sent a trade caravan to the khwarezmid empire , the governor of one city seized it and killed the traders . genghis khan retaliated by invading the	some khaleesi shit right here

1 the seal of the city of atlanta features a phoenix because it is the only major american city that's been completely destroyed by war . it was burnt to the	this may also be why our nfl team's chant is " rise up ! " .
2 i always figured it's because you spend so much time at the bottom of the division .	the falcons have finished 1st or 2nd in their division for the past 5 years .
3 glad to see you're keeping that tradition goi ... oh ... wait ... you're back in the basement this year .	they're just trying to get clowney

1 public hangings at the west virginia state penitentiary were stopped in 1931 when a prisoner was decapitated by the hanging process	yeah , i'd rather have my head torn off than not having enough force and dangle there while i slowly strangle to death .
2 most " modern " , non-extrajudicial hanging used a measured drop to snap the neck . if the man is being strangled , the executioner messed up .	the [ long drop . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hanging#Long_drop )

1 the world's tallest man ever , robert wadlow (8 ft 11 inches ) , was placed in a concrete vault after he died becasue his family feared someone would steal	what ... what size was his dick ?
2 johnson size is completely unrelated to body size . otherwise tall guys couldn't physically get with short girls and we would either end up as two different species or one	this is something short people tell themselves to try and feel better

1 stuxnet , the most sophisticated virus known to date , may have been created by the us government .	it was also an illegal sabotage tool that practically performed an act of war on a nation not at war with the us .

1 " jesus " and " joshua " are the same name in greek . jesus christ means " joshua the annointed "	well christ comes from the greek word christos , which means annointed one , and jesus is pretty much a transliteration , so it's not all that weird i guess

1 : when edward i of england was coming back from the ninth crusade in 1272 , he learned that his father had died and that he had been made king	it's good to be the king .
2 it's good to be a king with a very stable domestic situation and reliable proxies running things at home . but wtf did he do for two * years *	i bet a lot of that was just trying to get somewhere .
3 yeah , getting in the pants of wenches and maidens .	just like your wife ?

1 at treblinka death camp during wwii , the commander of the camp , kurt franz , frequently enjoyed kicking and killing babies arriving at the camp .	nazis did horrible things .

1 : that the royal family of the uk changed their last name from the german " saxe-coburg and gotha " to windsor because of the anti-german sentiment in england after	berlin , ontario changed its name to kitchener ( after lord kitchener ) for the same reason in 1916 .

1 : hayao miyazaki personally checked each of the 144,000 princess mononoke cels and redrew parts of 80,000 of them .	i has one http://i.imgur.com/5axAe.jpg

1 a 16 - year-old xhosa girl had a vision that to defeat the british soldiers the tribe should kill all the cattle and destroy the crops . tens of thousands	you're a dull girl , nongqawuse .

1 princess leia's iconic metal bikini was inspired by fisher's complaints that the loose-fitting outfits she wore in the star wars concealed her feminine physique .	i thought she was pretty hot in empire strikes back http://imgur.com/GpNyKaB http://imgur.com/DR8fzT3 but i also thought she was pretty hot in a new hope ... http://imgur.com/OSTvxkp
2 you're not the only one who thinks she was hot back in the day .	you need to check out her mother : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HIsvR77iBpA

1 o . j . simpson was considered for the terminator but james cameron " did not feel that simpson would be believable as a killer . "	i'm sure he wrote a letter to cameron explaining how he would do it if he'd got the part .

1 eric idle of monty python fame called george harrison " one of the few morally good people that rock and roll has produced " .	i met him and he was as nice as could be ... considering that i was acting like a crazed fool .

1 humans can theoretically survive on a diet entirely composed of nothing but potatoes and butter .	i'll have you know i can theoretically survive on nothing bit hot pockets and depression .
2 i once survived for several days on nothing but red bull and banana bread .	sounds like finals week and the weeks leading up to it . that when you find out how durable the human body is .

1 hacker adrian lamo was asked to demonstrate his abilities for an nbc news segment . he then proceeded to gain access to nbc's internal network . nbc canceled the segment	adrian lamo is also the person who ratted out bradley manning .
2 just so i'm clear , is manning also kind of a snitch ? it's certainly possible that both men thought they were doing the right thing , regardless of whether	bradley manning isn't a snitch who ratted out an honorable person ; adrian lamo is . bradley manning exposed war crimes and waste within our military , and the info
3 whether you agree with manning's actions or not , they are unquestionably criminal acts . i don't even think manning himself would argue with that . he consciously broke the	so was running the underground railroad , and smoking pot . who gives a shit ? good citizens ignore bad statutes . and thoreau was full of shit .

1 in 2000 , blockbuster video turned down a chance to purchase a one-year-old company called netflix for $ 50 million .	it's all down hill from here .

1 eurovision block voting 2001-2005	i can't decide whether our classification from " middle east " to " balkan bloc " is an upgrade or a downgrade .

1 the " half-your-age-plus-seven " dating rule was mentioned in the autobiography of malcolm x .	thats an old rule of thumb ...

1 during the 1979 iranian hostage crisis , the african american hostages were released almost immediately as iran was " sympathetic to oppressed minorities " .	which came as a serious surprise to the arab and jewish communities of iran , i'm sure . neither of which has had a great time since the revolution .
2 there are plenty of jews in iran living in peace and prosperity . stop spreading lies	if by " peace " you mean having important government officials constantly blame all the problems of the world on your people and deny the holocaust and occasionally execute you
3 iran blames israel not the jews , and israel richly deserves blame .	how is denying the holocaust blaming israel and not the jews ? give me a fucking break .

1 40 percent of all wikipedia vandalism is detected by a single bot . it has only 0.1 % false positives .	what is a false positive ? that sounds like an oxymoron

1 tim duncan grew up in the us virgin islands where he was gearing up for the 1992 olympics as a competitive swimmer until hurricane hugo destroyed the island's only olympic-sized	the spurs organization would like to formally thank hurricane hugo .
2 i accept cash and paypal .	the prophecy has been fulfilled .

1 19th anniversary of the toonie today - til original name suggestion for toonie was " doubloonie . " amazing .	what the hell are we going to call the inevitable five dollar coin ? !
2 " new nickel " ?	" nickelbacks " ? or kroeger's

1 members of the german military take a ceremonial oath on the anniversary of the day that members of the german army attempted to assasinate hitler .	i still respect the german and japanese resolve , loyalty and sense of duty , even facing 0 odds .
2 fuck the noble wehrmacht myth , they were garbage .	i agree . the german people just want to pretend like everyone hated hitler and his actions . they want a scape goat for the actions that their people took
3 the brits are responsible for the crusades , the americans for a huge part of the slave trade ... we all have shit in our history we should not be	he's not saying modern germans are bad people . he's talking about how nearly every thread attempts to absolve german generations past by saying it was only the ss who

1 lucille ball claimed she picked up radio signals on her dental work and reported it to authorities resulting in the bust of a japanese spy signal in la in 1942	myth busters did a show about this and they said it's fully busted .

1 patrick stewart , while he was going bald in his teens , believed no woman would ever be interested in him again , and gave up on the idea of	all stupid ideas backfire

1 the tv show dexter has been linked to two murders that wanted to copy the character dexter morgan	this just in from a decade ago [ jack thompson ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jack_Thompson_(activist) ) discovers all murders linked to counter strike .
2 go go go !	fire in the hole ! fire in the hole ! fire in the hole ! fire in the hole ! fire in the hole ! fire in the hole !

1 in 1979 in sweden , a number of people called in sick with a case of " being homosexual , " in protest of homosexuality being classified as an illness	försäkringskassan ? ja , jag måste vara hemma och vårda bögigt barn idag .

1 in 2006 the us government funded a study on the ' spiritual effects ' of magic mushrooms . two months after the study , 79 % of the participants reported	maybe someday goverment and society is advanced enough to understand that it is a crime to criminalize plants or mushrooms . i think many of us could profit by taking
2 i've been dealing with anxiety due to hypochondria and i would be very interested in seeing what affect this would have on me , but i'm also worried about having	its the bad trips that heal you !

1 the 56,000 tonnes of food that band aid / live aid raised to relieve the 1983-85 ethiopian famine was left to rot at port due to ethiopian government policies .	that is the big problem with a lot of poor countries . rich investors would love to go into africa , as their citizens are so poor that they would
2 but , isn't corruption all about profiteering ?	three downvotes for committing the crime of asking a legitimate question - * in a subreddit devoted to educating the masses . * i gave you one back . some

1 there was a mid-air collision between two planes over california in 1986 . one of the planes was guided by an air traffic controller named walter white . a similar	maybe breaking bad was a documentary this whole time .

1 singer tom waits successfully sued the lapd . he was wrongfully arrested for disturbing the peace when , outside a coffee shop , he intervened a group of men who	i never found out that heath ledger based the joker's mannerisms off of tom waits ' until years after seeing the dark knight . it's uncanny : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gCSc6E4yG9s&t=1m40s
2 you can tell he hadn't beaten the booze yet . i love that man , and i'm so glad he cleaned up his act . also i fucking love lord	jesus

1 queen ( the band ) is the only group that has had all of its members compose multiple # 1 hits , so in addition to the band being inducted	brian may , phd , should also be in the physics hall of fame . his work is excellent on a very specialized subject : a survey of radial velocities
2 i could be dead wrong but i don't know on any other famous band where one of the members has serious academic contributions . tom lehrer's the closest thing i	all of the members of queen have some kind of degree actually . iirc deacon has one in electronics engineering and made some of the amps that the band used

1 the outer space treaty , signed by all major space faring nations , prohibits claiming territory in space or on celestial bodies . space is considered " the shared heritage	shared heritage of mankind , you hear that alien civilizations ? ! we got yo numba !

1 mr rogers testified before the supreme court defending the position that home recordings for personal use do not constitute copyright infringement	on a technical note : the supreme court does not hear testimony , it reviews the case record which included the testimony rogers provided in the original trial in us
2 on a side note , some of the oral arguments are absolutely amazing to hear transcripts of ( though ) .	there are actual recordings of many of the oral arguments ( audio only ) . i'm not sure where you can find past ones online , but here's [ 2010
3 i think they only started doing this recently ... the current justices strongly oppose video , btw .	not sure how far back they go back but ... http://www.oyez.org/cases/1970-1979/1971/1971_71_162

1 the symbol for bluetooth is a bind rune made from the pre-viking runes of the tenth century king , harald bluetooth's name .	for those looking for why : the creators of bluetooth technology hoped it would unite and standardize computers like harald bluetooth united denmark and norway .
2 i'd say it has achieved something pretty close to that . i can whip out a bluetooth keyboard and start typing on my phone . and i can go in	> i'd say it has achieved something pretty close to that . denmark and norway , on the other hand , aren't united . so you could say bluetooth has
3 how in hell do you pronounce that ?	[ like this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D-ityBg2b5A ) .

1 the clint eastwood's character rapes a women in " high plains drifter "	things were different back then . this was considered hot . if the women characters in a sex scene wanted the sex they would be viewed as whores by the

1 if detroit was a country , it would have the fourth highest murder rate in the whole world .	if every other country had their most violent area count as a separate country too , then detroit's rank would plummet .
2 and the sad thing is , detroit's not even our most violent . the last few years it's been moving down the list , i think last year it was	running out of people to kill ...

1 quentin tarantino offered to direct ' casino royale ' with the film set it in the 50 ' s , make it in black and white and retain pierce brosnan	i really wish hollywood would have gone through with this , and just run it along side the craig casino royale .

1 wwii japan killed 4 million more people than the nazis , practiced mengele-like human experimentation , cannibalized and tortured pows , and forced women into military sex slavery .	proves to show what little the us knows about world history . the japan has caused so much damaged to the eastern world . its ridiculous . whats even crazier

1 the city of kennesaw , georgia has a law that all families must own a gun .	i go to uga and my friends are from here . on the first day of my calc class the guy in front of me was wearing a shirt that

1 the 1980 film " the blues brothers " - filled with over-the-top car chases filmed in and around chicago - cost almost as much to make as " the empire	sadly , the mall that was destroyed in the famous chase scene , was torn down last week .

1 the tv series captain planet was the first children's show to deal with hiv-aids . the episode involved a villain brainwashed a community , making them think hiv could pass	this is why i love captain planet !

1 freddie mercury's range went from a bass low f to a soprano high f without using his falsetto	this fact is why singing " under pressure " on rock band is such a trap . i am a woman , i am an alto , and i happily

1 the pittsburgh pirates , the pittsburgh steelers , and the pittsburgh penguins have the same team colors .	the penguins haven't worn black and yellow for at least a decade .

1 traces of coca and nicotine found in some egyptian mummies have led some to speculate that ancient egyptians may have traveled to the new world ( america ) .	it was probably cross-contamination by victorian era archeologists .

1 r.kelly married aaliyah in a secret ceremony when she was 15 years old . marriage was later annulled .	this was well known back when it happened , imagine how big a deal it would be now with the internet being what it is .

1 woo bum-kon , a south korea police officer who carried out the largest known incident of spree killing in modern history with 57 killed and 35 injured , went on	" at one point , he ordered a 16 - year-old boy to get him a soft drink from a grocery store . after getting what he had asked for

1 after sin city ( 2005 ) , one reviewer said " really , there will be no reason for anyone to make a comic-book film ever again . miller and	the thing about sin city is the movie looks like a comic book . while there are ( too ) many movies still being made based on comic books ,
2 avengers was a pretty damn good rendition of the modern comic book look . sin city doesn't even represent a fraction of the genre's aesthetics , so i don't get	the big new york fight was pretty much an homage to those two page splash pages where it shows everyone fighting in one big scene . the best comic book

1 duct tape was actually called " duck " tape before it was re-branded in the 1950s .	there's a brand of it called duck that you can get in most stores in the us , though .

1 mr . rogers made a legendary emmy acceptance speech that shut everybody up	insulting this man in my presence has severe consequences .
2 by which i'm sure you mean that you will explain to the insulter that sometimes when we feel scared or sad or mad we say bad things about other people	if only the entire collective of the gop party and its voter base could hear these words and understand them .

1 : methuselah , from the bible , is accredited as being the oldest person to have ever lived , dying at age 969 years . but it is thought that	no . it's not supposed to make sense . the genre of the text ( primeval history ) is perfectly comfortable with someone living hundreds of years . on a
2 i'd love to read about that	http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sumerian_King_List#Antediluvian_rulers looks like i was mistaken - the longest lived one had 43,200 years . notice how they eventually drop down into reasonable lengths .

1 - most of the smoke billowing up from a space shuttle launch is not exhaust . it is water vapor from the pool of water under the shuttle designed to	good post , til ! i remember watching shuttle launches from across the state when i lived in tampa . so sad to see such an awesome feat of engineering
2 here's to hoping that the next iteration , whatever form it takes , is even more awesome .	knowing nasa it probably will be . :)

1 kenan thompson was the first snl cast member to be younger than the show itself	my dad would always say " we would come home early from the bars to watch snl " hes 60 right now

1 in 1968 a us army batallion raped , maimed , and killed over 350 unarmed vietnamese civilians , mostly women and children . of the 26 soldiers charged , only	more like a platoon

1 google intends to scan all known existing 130 million unique books by the end of the decade .	" 2 trillion words in total " . til the us national debt is 8 times all the words ever written in book form .
2 that's a lot of 25 cent words . edit : i guess they're 12.5 cent words on average . maybe only about half of them are 25 cent words .	$ 16 trillion divided by 2 trillion words 8 bucks per word . i should become a writer .

1 people have attempted to sue god .	ah yes ernie chambers one of nebraska's craziest state senators

1 trickle-down economics used to be known as the " horse and sparrow " theory based on the idea that if you feed the horse enough oats , some will pass	i see why they renamed it .
2 [ it's a good change . ] ( https://youtu.be/Rt3gcSyL5vg )	jon stewart looks good with a crown .

1 there is a type of beer in belgium with such low alcohol content that it is served in schools .	i'm belgian and can confirm this . where i grew up , at 14 years old , we regularly drank a bottle of [ cristal ] ( http://www.cristal.be/ ) (
2 what is this [ 1 ] and [ 2 ] that appeared in my reply . did not type those ...	res

1 when the current king of thailand was born in cambridge , massachusetts , the hospital room in which he was born was declared thai territory for the duration of the	monarchy is dumb . it's 2014 people , let's get our shit together .

1 table showing the 24 tiers of the english " football pyramid " . there are roughly 7000 teams in 480 divisions	can't believe this will probably be the first time most people hear of the prestigious mid-sussex football league division eleven
2 even at the [ division eleven level ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mid-Sussex_Football_League ) , there are still two subdivisions , division eleven a and division eleven b .	are there no relegations ? are these 7,000 teams permanently in the system , or can they be replaced by some obscure team , like wimbledon ?

1 for those of you with the fairly standard english surname " smith " , your italian equivalent surname is " ferrari " . they both mean blacksmith .	ferrari means blacksmith , smith just means smith . ferro means iron so it's specific to a blacksmith . " smith " doesn't have any specific connection to iron so
2 what exactly does a whitesmith work in ?	white , duh .

1 of a chinese dog named saihu , who ate food and died to demonstrate it was poisoned after trying to warn people by barking at the chef . she was	this story attributes quite a lot of motivation to a hungry dog .
2 i wonder what's the name for this phenomenon . where people see a dog do a dog thing and attribute it to human-like empathy and intelligence .	anthropomorphizing .

1 john cusack once asked his agent to " bring him the craziest , most unproduceable script " they could find . the agent came back with " being john malkovich	obviously the script for " rubber " wasn't floating around back then .
2 liked this movie a fair bit .. took a lot of work to stretch that premise out that long , but they managed , if just barely .	i still have no idea what the fuck happened in that movie .

1 disneyworld is friggin huge ! disneyland is 500 acres in california , disneyworld is 27,000 in orlando . alone it's bigger than the city of san francisco .	disney world may be larger but disneyland still has more rides . http://micechat.com/62614-which-disney-park-has-the-most-rides/

1 the sea cucumber breathes through its anus .	so do most sales staff

1 miyamoto musashi , a japanese rōnin born in the tenshō era , had such faith in his own swordsmanship that he used a wooden sword regardless of the foe's weapon	anyone interested in a dramatised version of his story should check out the manga vagabond . one of the few that are good even if you're not into that stuff
2 is it complete already ?	not as far as i know . it's been going strong since 1998 though .

1 in penile-vaginal intercourse with an hiv-infected partner , a woman has an estimated 0.1 % chance of being infected , and a man 0.05 % . am i the only	years ago there was some scare in the uk where a guy was said to have injected supermarket frozen chicken pies with hiv + blood . the media spent a
2 would you want to eat chicken pies with any human blood in it , though ?	i agree . i would rather consume another persons piss , shit or even cum before their blood .

1 quentin tarantino offered to direct ' casino royale ' with the film set it in the 50 ' s , make it in black and white and retain pierce brosnan	now that i would have paid to see !

1 maui , a hero of maori mythology , met his end when he tried to conquer death . he was chopped in half while climbing into the sleeping goddess of	maui was a badass and appears in many polynesian myths , not just new zealand maori .

1 tom green was a popular rapper in canada before he became a professional dumbass	dumbass ? do you mean as in you don't like him ? i think his funny . his part in roadtrip cracked me up big time

1 the united states has less social mobility than pakistan , singapore , new zealand , denmark , canada and japan	i'm pretty sick of people treating the us as a monolith . there are so many ways to break down this kind of analysis by region ... and thereby make

1 the writers of parks & rec wrote in ron swanson's alter-ego as duke silver before they even knew nick offerman was an accomplished saxophonist .	nick offerman continues to be my favorite person ever !

1 dice predate recorded history	they sure do . [ here's a pair of 3rd century roman gaming dice ] ( http://www.flickr.com/photos/insignificantnobody/4626030888/in/set-72157626823295421/ ) from my collection . they were unearthed as a matching pair from
2 what games were they playing ?	c-lo

1 shakuntala devi , an indian mental calculator , was asked to give the 23rd root of a 201 - digit number ; she answered in 50 seconds . her answer	how can some peoples brains have the computational power of well computers ? eli 5 ?
2 because all peoples brains are far superior to computers .	not for math

1 homosexuality was still classified as an illness in sweden in 1979 . swedes protested by calling in sick to work , claiming they felt gay .	hey man .. i don't think i can come in today . i kinda want to go suck dicks

1 the national archives keeps the nixon white house tapes in a climate controlled vault with hopes that future technological developments could allow for restoration of 18 1/2 minutes of missing	the fact that it recorded static isn't what interests me . what interests me is that it recorded approximately eighteen minutes of it .
2 love that movie .	[ this movie , right ? ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=4KU6pd6cxgw#t=10 )

1 in 1880 , the state of delaware's age of consent was 7	man , i was born in the wrong century ...

1 every purple heart awarded by the military since 1945 is one of the 500,000 purple hearts manufactured in anticipation of u . s . casualties resulting from the invasion of	taking japan would , i am told , have been a nightmare due to the geography of the place . so many little islands .
2 also how the japanese soldiers fight . they fight till the last man . very rarely do they give up or retreat . the pacific front was very difficult partly	i recall reading somewhere they were also teaching women , children and the elderly to wield bamboo spears in a last stand if it came to that .
3 yep . there were fed propaganda for years that led them to believe they would face unimaginable atrocities if captured by our forces .	when really they faced arguably the best treatment of captives of any nation involved in ww2 . they were ultimately and undeniably safer in us custody than in the custody

1 dildos were invented over 25,000 years before the wheel	there are dildos resembling the penises of wolves .

1 e . t . , blade runner , star trek ii : the wrath of kahn , poltergeist , and the thing were all released on the same month and	that was when they used to make good movies .

1 quinoa is so nutritionally dense and complete that it is being considered a possible crop in nasa's controlled ecological life support system for long-duration manned spaceflights .	i've been eating quinoa for 2 years now . still can't cook it properly . still can't pronounce it comfortably .

1 it's only called an acronym when you pronounce the abbreviation as a real word ( ex . nasa ) . otherwise it is known as an initialism ( ex .	will this get me laid ?

1 aeschylus , the famous author of tragedies , died from a tortoise being dropped by an eagle that had mistaken his head for a rock suitable for shattering the turtles	wonder if the cia has ever looked into eagle-turtle assassins .
2 they decides drones were better for dropping turtles .	then they decided that bombs are better than turtles .

1 the crystal structure of an aids virus had been discovered in ten days using an online video game called foldit . this is something that had stumped scientists for over	the internet is an amazing thing .

1 gandhi wrote a letter to " every briton " urging them to surrender to hitler and " let them take possession of your beautiful island , with your many beautiful	he was also a vicious and outspoken racist , kept and slept with a small harem and insisted on giving daily enemas to his young female followers . entries on
2 i've never heard of any of this - source ?	just posted sources in reply to 5hredder , please help yourself to them . edit : [ link ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/ykvgw/til_that_gandhi_wrote_a_letter_to_every_briton/c5wip49?context=3 ) for the extremely lazy .

1 dildos were invented over 25,000 years before the wheel	insemination is the mother of invention .

1 : when ketchup is labeled " fancy " it's actually a usda grade meaning it's thicker than standard ketchup .	is this also the case with " heavy duty " mayo ?

1 time travel is technically possible	so , uh ... was physics ii not required for you ? time dilation is covered , along with lorentz contraction . speaking of which , another thing to blow

1 christopher nolan's interstellar is the only film in the top 10 worldwide box office of 2014 to be wholly original--not a reboot , remake , sequel , or part of	it kind of makes sense when you think about it .. movies cost so much money now that movie studios have to put their money in surefire successes . especially
2 exactly . hollywood is such a fickle bitch that you can be paul w . s . anderson and make stinker after stinker after stinker and keep working , yet	example : transformer 4 is a fucking stinker but not a flop

1 edgar mitchell , one of only 12 people to have walked on the moon , claims that the us and many countries governments have been covering up alien visitations for	now , i'm not saying that he is wrong . but remember that being famous or an astronaut does not protect you from being crazy . edit : oh wow
2 actually it sort of does ... being an astronaut , he has been subjected to extensive psychological testing ... extensive . to the extent that it would have been evident	well , you have to be a little crazy to be an astronaut in the first place .

1 , on his deathbed , aldous huxley asked his wife for acid and she obliged him .	soma , 100 µg , intramuscular
2 lol did you know in the 80s a company actually named one of their drugs soma ? it was a painkiller or muscle relaxer or something like that . went	it's still around and popular for recreational use .

1 thrift shop was the first song since 1994 that reached number 1 on the hot 100 chart without the support of a major record label	what was the previous song ?
2 number 3 of the references mentions lisa loeb's , " stay " . apparently ethan hawke was her friend / neighbor who helped get it onto the soundtrack of ,	hey i have that soundtrack ! got it at the thrift shop i work at . wait , that's ... huh .

1 eminem repeated the 9th grade three times .	middle school isn't for everyone .

1 in 1975 , a 15 - year-old girl was beaten to death , with the primary suspects in the murder being kennedy-cousins thomas and michael skakel . although michael skakel	no bitch , you're a skakel . get your ass in jail !

1 bill gates modified the code of his school's schedule program so he could sit in classes that were full of girls .	his porn name would be bill gets .

1 - in texas hold'em , a pocket ace – king ( unsuited ) is often called an anna kournikova because it " looks great but never wins " .	[ not bad . ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ZBN0u.gif )

1 john cusack once asked his agent to " bring him the craziest , most unproduceable script " they could find . the agent came back with " being john malkovich	so i guess he can explain the last four or five movies he made by saying he told his agent to bring him the shittiest scripts he could find .
2 aw come on hot tub time machine ? ? not even a little love ?	it was pretty bad .

1 elephants often bury dead or sleeping humans or aid them when they are hurt	.. or sleeping o___o
2 i believe it's just because the elephants thought the woman was dead . she was too terrified to move and stayed quiet the entire time , so the elephants buried	i think its scarier to be fucking buried alive by one of the largest land mammals on the planet , but i might be pickin hairs .. besides , i
3 > i hear that elephants have one of the worst memories fun fact : elephants forget about 50 % of the humans they've hidden , and are an important factor	i somehow think that's wrong , but i don't know enough to object .

1 there is a form of kryptonite that can turn superman gay	oh god . imagine the fan fiction that goes with this .
2 in order to saev teh wprld from teh evil aliens , supreman had to kiss his new frend , bobby , whose gay . " supreman , kis me "	that boy , aint right .

1 arnold schwarzenegger did not accept his california governor's salary of $ 175,000 per year because of his already substantial wealth from his acting career .	here's how i see comments so far " ooooo noooo ! this was posted 7 months ago and i already knew it because i'm a reddit fag and like to

1 greg giraldo is a harvard law graduate .	was .

1 the reason why taking pepto bismol can cause your tongue and poop to turn black is because the active ingredient , bismuth , reacts with the trace amounts of sulfur	this has never happened to me ...

1 at the moment john lennon was pronounced dead a beatles song came over the hospital's sound system .	damn hollow points . no wonder he died before being able to get help really ... rip

1 in the late 1600s london was plagued by an attacker who would spank his victims with a rod and shout " spanko ! " before running away	legend says he was caught once , but kept trying to resist arrest by saying : " chill , it's just a prank bro ! "

1 abc aired saving private ryan on veteran's day , unedited , every year starting in 2001 . the practice ended in 2004 ( the year of nipplegate ) , when	i read the article but i don't quite understand the connection to nipplegate . could someone explain ?
2 why the fuck are we suffixing every controversy with " - gate " these days ? watergate was the name of the hotel , it wasn't a controversy about water	it was never even called " nipplegate " when it happened . it was the " wardrobe malfunction " which was the excuse given , before it came out that

1 the movie " the 13th warrior " ( 1999 ) , starring antonio banderas and omar sharif , bombed and was panned so critically that sharif temporarily retired from acting	sharif don't like it

1 the us embargo against cuba ( 53 years so far ) has been condemned by the majority of the united nations 19 times since 1992 and is considered illegal by	it is illegal , by all means .
2 reddit , the place where stating a fact will get you downvoted because it does not align with misguided patriotism . i wonder - do the people who downvote you	you're not being downvoted because it's a fact , you're being downvoted because the fact is wrong .

1 the tv station tlc was founded in 1972 by nasa and the department of health and education to focus on providing real education through the medium of tv . nasa	the fuck ? you literally just took the tweet of that guy that was on the front page all day .

1 it's possible for circumcised males to non-surgically restore their foreskin by tugging on it , causing the body to generate new skin cells	thankfully i still have my original foreskin .
2 typically , if you have a lot of chutzpah and if you're really quite hip your parents'll pay the moyl and you get to keep the tip	nice weird al reference . love it .

1 in 1945 , when concentration camps were liberated , homosexual prisoners were not freed but were instead made to serve out their sentence .	that's just depressing .
2 okay , could somebody tell me what all the " deleted " posts said ?	likewise . apparently he said something in a sarcastic manner an people misinterpreted it as something homophobic .
3 considering that reddit tends to enjoy all kinds of offensive jokes ( one of the reasons i like this community ) , i'm guessing that it was some pretty exceptionally	i have yet to see reddit not downvote anything that could possibly be considered homophobic .

1 in paris in 1926 the ukrainian head of state was assassinated with 5 shots from a revolver in broad daylight . the policeman who witnessed the crime walked over to	> 5 shots from a revolver i guess the policeman felt lucky .
2 note if you are implying that there was another shot , you might be mistaken . most ' snub nose ' revolvers were 5 shot ( no idea if this	huh . metatil .
3 also , even if it had 6 shots , smart man keeps one of them empty to keep the trigger in while carrying .	learn something new every day !

1 a grizzly bear's bite is estimated to be strong enough to crush a bowling ball	this came up recently in buzzbearfeed . " you'll never guess the 6 crazy things you are probably strong enough to crush in your mouth ! "

1 after jfk was assassinated , there was a brief scuffle between local and federal authorities when the president's security detail wasn't allowed to remove his body from the hospital .	i know , i'll just forcefully hold the president against the secret services ' will !
2 texas has a reputation for being badass , but i'm pretty sure the secret service trumps their level of badassery .	they tried that shit today , they'd be shot down where they stand . but then again , the secret service doesn't much care what happens to barack obama .
3 today's police probably would have swat raided the hospital under orders from the secret service .	if its their jurisdiction , they'd tell the ss to fuck off at gun point .

1 war elephant drivers had a chisel and a hammer in order to cut the spinal cord of an elephant on the battlefield if it caused too mutch damage in its	http://books.google.co.uk/books?id=CL3CvU_AeAIC&pg=PA277&lpg=PA277&dq=mahout+chisel+and+hammer&source=bl&ots=iGOZToJQz9&sig=Pm9yuyIc5Wz7fDSH6mwwvpwkdOw&hl=en&sa=X&ei=0X9BU826IonN7AaL5oAw&ved=0CFIQ6AEwBA#v=onepage&q=mahout%20chisel%20and%20hammer&f=false actual reference

1 the signature tie fighter roar is a combination of an elephant call and a car driving on wet pavement .	elephants are only useful for their ivory and succulent trunk meat .

1 i learned a 17yo killed 4 people and injured 11 while drunk driving . the judge didn't send him to jail because he " was unable to understand the consequences	were you by chance under a rock while all of this was going down ? it was barely over a year ago man . i read this and you made
2 you could always try posting about simo " white death " häyhä or maybe " til finland totally defeated soviet union in war ! ! ! " . always good	[ finish [ ed ] quick-scoperr 1,000 , 000 + k / d camoflague in winter ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/62/F1_white_flag.svg )

1 the film " hunt for red october " was so realistic that it inadvertently revealed classified navigation technology used by the us navy	i don't have enough time to upvote almost every comment in here ... god i love this movie ... way to go dallas !

1 after hurricane ike in 2008 , comcast customers were billed for unreturned equipment that had been destroyed by the hurricane . customers were charged as much as $ 1000 for	this is happened in india too . last year after a cyclone , the service provider , airtel , did some shitty business like this even after the chief minister

1 gore-tex material is not just used to keep your jacket waterproof , it can also be surgically implanted into patients	what's the difference between this and just an average waterproof coat material ?
2 gore-tex is a lot more breathable and more waterproof . that is why it is used in high-end outdoor sport such as mountaineering and whitewater kayaking .	ok so it is worth the price then .

1 in contrast to the maya , who liked their chocolate warmed , the aztecs drank it cold , seasoning it with a broad variety of additives , including the petals	cold or at temperature ? mexico isn't exactly surrounded by ice ...
2 at temperature .	thank you tacticus

1 when eminem heard ice ice baby for the first time , he " felt like he didn't want to rap anymore . "	ah yes , the song that disappoints poor listeners expecting to hear the groovy magnificence of under pressure .
2 for me its the opposite . under pressure lets me down every time .	that's because you're a terrible human being
3 with a terrible taste in music .	different folks different strokes ? context is everything as well . if i am having a wild fun time at a bar on a saturday and i hear that bassline

1 over 90 % of pregnancies in the united kingdom and europe with a diagnosis of down syndrome are terminated .	> when non pregnant people are asked if they would have a termination if their fetus tested positive 23 – 33 % said yes quite a discrepancy there .
2 a lot easier to say you wouldn't until its actually happening to you . until the prospect of spending the rest of your life pretty much full time caring for	yes , so kill it before it's a crime . then you won't have to feel bad .

1 the longest ever recorded sniper kill was shot from 2,475 meters or 1.54 miles away by british coh craig harrison . the bullet took over 6 seconds to reach its	hardscoping fag

1 : in 2011 drug cartel kidnapped hundreds of innocent bus passengers in mexico and made them fight to death like gladiators . the winners were sent on suicide missions	fucking terrifying .
2 discusting , too . what kind of sick fucks condone of this kind of shit ?	disgusting

1 if you don't identify as an " extrovert " or " introvert , " you might be an " ambivert . " an ambivert is moderately comfortable with groups and	this is me , holy shit . i always described myself as an introvert who enjoys social situations , because i do need time to recharge , but i'm definitely

1 the häagen-dazs ice cream creator was american and made up the brand name to sound danish , unique , and sophisticated . it doesn't mean anything .	here's an article about this company claiming that it owns all fake scandinavian words . http://www.cracked.com/article_20559_the-6-most-ridiculous-things-people-claimed-to-legally-own.html

1 nadal malik hasan , the man who perpetrated the fort hood shooting two years ago , is still in the u . s . army .	he's also paralyzed

1 jodie foster was so fluent in french that she dubbed her own movies .	shouldn't this say she is fluent . not was ?
2 sequence of tenses . jodie foster is so fluent in french that she dubs her own movies . today i learn * * ed * * jodie foster * *	" today i learned [ that ] jodie foster * * is * * fluent in french and dubs her own movies " - works fine , no ?
3 yeah . people argue about when backshifting is appropriate and when not , but they're both pretty common and make sense . i would have phrased it like op ,	i dont see how your and op's way even makes sense . it fucks up the entire meaning of the sentence .

1 during islam's golden age , scientists were paid the equivalent of what pro athletes are paid today .	/ u / onecheesy

1 the nation of islam believe that white people were invented as an evil race by a scientist named yakub , 6,600 years ago . the experiment also produced ' red	am white , can confirm . hail yakub .
2 to let all you minorities in on a little secret , when yakub was nourishing the first white people , he invented mayonnaise to satiate our evil appetites . that's	i just moved to belgium . the natives here put mayo with everything . they put on fries , hamburgers , fish stocks and shrimps ! this can only mean

1 the hindu religion states that science only offers a limited view of reality , but all it offers is right and correct , meaning that the religion by it's nature	fun fact : in hindu mythology , written thousands of years ago , the universe is declared to run for billions of years before it all gets destroyed and restarts
2 wow ! the hindu guess was a lot better than the christian one .	to be fair , the christian guess you're referring to is relatively new ( and is based on a very specific interpretation ) . it also isn't generally accepted by
3 i went to catholic school for 9 years . never once have i met a person who believes the earth is roughly 6000 years old .	catholics are actually pretty progressive . the religion also has as much dogma attached to it as there is text in the bible . you don't get to be as

1 there exists a double big mac in some countries with four meat patties ...	i ordered one in bangkok , thailand when i was studying abroad earlier this year . it wasn't bad !

1 if finding nemo was real , when nemo's mum and siblings got eaten , nemo's dad would have developed female gonads and formed a breeding pair with nemo .	also they can't really talk .
2 you know why fish can't talk ? cause if they did they'd get a mouthful of water .	what do you call a fish with no eyes ? fsh .
3 what do you call a fish with 3 eyes ? fiiish .	thrish ?

1 mary j . blige hit her own husband in the face and screamed , " what are you gonna do , chris brown me ? "	assault is assault .
2 too bad our feminist society will always view the woman as the victim . there was an askreddit about a guy that was beaten by his gf / wife ,	he obviously assaulted her dainty fists with his chiseled face .

1 the urban legend of carrots giving night vision was invented as a cover-up by the british raf in wwii . they were able to shoot down german planes at night	i hope there was some luftwaffe pilots that had to eat a fuck-ton of boiled carrots with every meal .

1 actor cillian murphy converted to atheism after researching his role as a nuclear physicist in the sci-fi film " sunshine "	atheism is a lack of a belief ; not a belief in itself . you cannot ' convert ' to it . you accept it .
2 agreed , sorry for my lack of proper wording !	no worries . on a completely different topic , cillian murphy always creeps me out in a way i've never been creeped out before .
3 i find his name weird . americans pronounce it as " sillian " . that ads to creepiness .	pronouncing cillian as with an s ! ! that's just sillian i won't stand for it !

1 when napoléon i emancipated the jews he stated " i will never accept any proposals that will obligate the jewish people to leave france , because to me the jews	really ? because he also re-enslaved haitians . yeah , that's right , after the slaves were free , he went back and made them slaves again . good guy

1 coldplay turned down multi-million dollar contracts from gatorade , diet coke , and gap , who wanted to use their songs . their response : " we wouldn't be able	give the money to charity then ..

1 venice island was built on a foundation of tree trunks . 1200 years later , those same trunks still support almost all of central venice .	of all the cities in all of europe , venice was the * worst * choice of settings for the last crusade to have indiana jones explore its " catacombs

1 jimmy carter said if he became president , he would release all government ufo information to the public . once elected , he decided not to due to " national	enter tom delonge

1 an fbi informant recorded his calls with fbi agents that proves the fbi knew the 1993 wtc bombing was going to happen	so ... what is the fbi's response to the recording .. ?
2 " fuck it , let's order lunch what about pizza ? yeah sure . what kind ? what size ? two large planes "	more like a van filled with explosives ... i know it's hard to believe that 9/11 / 01 didn't happen in 1993
3 time traveling terrorists	* we don't negotiate with time traveling terrorist . *

1 it took tommy wiseau 8 months , and a crew of over 400 people to film the room .	must have been valium and not cocaine on the set then .

1 oral sex was illegal in canada ... until 1969 .	* aaaaaand * why were we looking up ages of consent ? huh ? * * huh ! ? ! ? * *
2 ohoho check out japan .	pixelated junk

1 the coffee drink " americano or caffé americano " was created in world war ii when american g . i . s in italy would dilute espresso with hot water	i used to think i didn't care much for coffee and then i tried an americano . turns out i was kind of right . i love espresso drinks .

1 early 20th century parents used a formula containing opium and alcohol to calm infants .	a substantial dose of codeine was in otc vick's formula 44 until 1966 or so . i remember their tv commercials , that being a huge selling point , and

1 as a child elon musk was bullied so severely he once had to be hospitalized because of a beating from other students	i keep thinking he looks like a james bond level super villain . now we have a motive .
2 i think you will get a big laugh if you look at his official twitter page ; he agrees with you evidently . https://twitter.com/elonmusk	that is , indeed , hilarious .

1 a bullet fired from a rifled barrel spins at 300,000 rpm ( 5000 rotations per second )	this is dependent upon the twist rate of the barrel , id be willing to bet some spin even faster .
2 yeah and i assume as they get larger they are made to spin slower otherwise they might break in midair .	many large caliber guns ( like battleship guns , not rifles ) are not rifled at all .

1 there's a brewery in germany that's been continuously brewing since 1040	totally cool . shows how much better germany is .

1 quentin tarantino doesn't use original music in his work due to the fear of potentially not liking the composer's work and rejecting it .	he mostly uses morricone ' stuff . why not just ask him to compose ? that man is the modern day bach

1 google misses out on an estimated $ 110 million a year from searches that bypass advertising by clicking the " i'm feeling lucky " button .	now even more considering you posted that to reddit

1 americans and europeans handle forks differently .	so americans put down the knife and swap hands for * every bite * ? that's fucking stupid .
2 not every bite . many people will cut a few pieces and then switch the fork . i use both methods interchangeably . :: shrugs ::	but then the food gets cold quicker due to the higher surface area of your food in contact with the surrounding air .

1 e . t . , blade runner , star trek ii : the wrath of kahn , poltergeist , and the thing were all released on the same month and	oh wow ! - we need a month like that now , i've played hell even finding a couple decent sci-fi movies per year .

1 maya lin , designer of the vietnam veterans memorial in dc , faced harassment based on her ethnicity after her design was picked , including presidential candidate ross perot calling	happens in every industry

1 during an underground nuclear test in 1957 , the cap on top of the shaft was blasted into the air at about 66 km / s . it is believed	on it , a luckless native of the area named ' jebadiah ' abruptly found himself on an adventure .

1 fans of steve irwin killed at least ten stingrays as an act of revenge after he died .	what an insulting way to act after his death .

1 " the safety dance " is a protest against bouncers stopping dancers pogoing to 1980s new wave music in clubs when disco was dying and new wave was up and	i always thought it was a psa about boneitis .
2 http://i.imgur.com/w64Op7U.gif	hahahaha ... you know that dance wasn't as safe as everyone said it was ...

1 of rick rescorla , morgan stanley's head of security at the world trade center , who predicted the 1993 bombings and the 2001 attack . he ignored the port authority's	" when one of his colleagues told him he too had to evacuate the world trade center , rescorla replied , " as soon as i make sure everyone else

1 7 - eleven changed it's name from tote'm in 1946 to reflect the company's new extended hours , from 7 am to 11 pm seven days a week .	7-11 was a part time job ...

1 about the bobby layne curse . after the lions traded him he prophetically declared they wouldn't win a championship for 50 years . during those 50 years they had the	remember when the titans went on the stupid losing streak ? that was after the stomped all over the terrible towel , you don't mess with that mojo .

1 a man named tsutomu yamaguchi was on a business trip in hiroshima when the atomic bomb dropped . he was wounded , but returned to his hometown of nagasaki ,	he was the asian banner , survived all the radiation , and had to live with the curse

1 in germany , norway , sweden , japan , canada , greece , and finland , maternity leave meets or exceeds 6 months ; compare that to the u .	i wrote an essay on this in my english class last semester . the amount of research supporting quality of life and equal pay versus the amount of maternity /

1 the world record for alcohol consumption is by andre the giant , who drank 156 beers in one sitting ( over 73 litres / 16 gallons )	> as a child , he very early displayed symptoms of his gigantism , reaching a height of 6 ' 3 " ( 190.5 cm ) and weight of 240
2 why would he have been unable to fit on the schoolbus ? i was 6 ' 3 and 210 pounds by the time i was 13 and fit just fine	[ french school bus ] ( http://imgur.com/lxMK8 )
3 ... what the fuck is the point of that	looks like it was a mail van or something before and it was converted to be a school bus for a small population .

1 wwii german ace heinrich ehrler's last words were : " theo . i have run out of ammunition . i'm going to ram this one . good bye . we'll	that is the most metal thing i've ever read .

1 there are unofficial wile e . coyote / roadrunner rules , such as " no outside force can harm the coyote " and " the road runner must stay on	i never realized a roadrunner was a real creature ...
2 and oddly enough , they can't run as fast as coyotes .	coyotes are almost twice as fast as roadrunners

1 " ducking and covering " during a nuclear explosion can actually save your life	as a californian , the ' duck and cover ' is still taught in schools as a response to earthquakes . the important thing is to cover your head and

1 for over an hour on february 7th 2008 , comcast accidentally broadcast porn instead of cartoon network in nashville , tennessee . in another incident , comcast replaced disney channel	the next thing you know , they're going to start raping people .

1 " lone survivor " marcus luttrell received a dog when he got home to aide in his recovery . in 2009 4 men shot the dog , and luttrell chased	i suggest that anyone who hasn't yet go look up the 911 recording he had with the operator . he literally tells her he will kill them if he catches
2 just listened to it . he actually tells the dispatcher that they have a gun and he has a gun , and she better " get someone out here "	niggah ' anybody harm any of my pups or kitties and i will reach that level of cold luttrell did .

1 a religious sect named " the shakers " enforced a strict policy of celibacy - even after marriage . they've been dying out as a result .	natural selection at work , nothing to see here .

1 people have 100 trillion bacterial cells in the intestines , but only 10 trillion human cells in the body . the ratio of bacteria cells to human cells in the	so basically we're a bus .

1 for scorpions to reproduce , the male deposits a capsule of sperm on the ground , then wrestles a female on top of it .	itt : rape everywhere ...

1 lsd is not retained in spinal fluid , and that it was none other than l . ron hubbard who started the myth .	some people think lsd is retained in spinal fluid
2 i was taught this in my dare classes in elementary school . dare sort of takes an " if it's anti-drug , we'll teach it ! " standpoint on "	ironically , finding out dare lied to you is a gateway fact .
3 they should make it a lesson in economics . * * d * * rugs * * a * * re * * r * * eally * * e	i just thought i should say that i used to have a really cool d . a . r . e . shirt . it read " i turned in

1 the beastie boys ' album " license to ill " was originally titled " don't be a faggot " but was changed when columbia records refused to release the album	liscense to ill is a lot more original imo .

1 m - 185 on mackinac island , michigan is the only state highway in us where no motorized vehicles are allowed . travel is only by bicycles , horses or	having spent my whole life in michigan , i had always assumed that this was something everybody knew . guess i need to broaden my mind a bit :P still
2 stayed at the island house as a younger child with my grand parents and my two cousins . one of my cousins got caught peeing on the grounds of the	i'm working at the island house right now !

1 of rick rescorla , morgan stanley's head of security at the world trade center , who predicted the 1993 bombings and the 2001 attack . he ignored the port authority's	watched this whole show on him on the history channel last night . what a god damn hero , sad that i only learned about him 12 years after he

1 bill gates modified the code of his school's schedule program so he could sit in classes that were full of girls .	i did something like that too however i was caught when they realized i was 45 years old and didn't go to school .
2 that is not even fucking funny . no seriously ... i know a girl , actually several girls who were raped in high school by guys sneaking in to their	i saved this comment just so i could see the kind of responses you would get for such a stupid ass comment . and then your reply was priceless .

1 in 1930 , an entire village of inuits was found mysteriously deserted - no explanation found ever since .	white walkers

1 even sylvester stallone believes " stop ! or my mom will shoot ! " was one of his worst movies ever , calling it " maybe one of the worst	arnold's equivalent definitely has to be that one where he gave birth to a child out of his asshole .
2 what about jingle all the way	junior , 1994
3 i was saying arnold's equivalent was jingle all the way , not that jingle all the way was the one he was pregnant in .	oh , yeh i guess i can agree with you , jingle all the way was fucking awful but junior holds a special place in my hurt for giving me

1 german was the second largest spoken language in the u . s . before it was forcibly oppressed during the first world war . americans with german ancestry , are	my mother's german professor during the 80 ' s was a native speaker born and raised in texas .
2 i hail from another huge pocket of german descent . klein , tx .	i heard it's kinda small ...

1 tetanus is not caused by the rust in rusty nails . the rough surface of rust merely provides the ideal habitat for the bacteria that causes tetanus .	doesn't matter if its the rust or on the rust , don't get stabbed by rusty nails .

1 the inspiration for the episode " bart sells his soul " came from an experience greg daniels had in high school when he convinced a bully to sell him his	doesn't matter . if you sell your soul before you're 18 it isn't legally binding .
2 do you want to make a contract with me ? ／ 人 ◕ ‿ ‿ ◕ 人 ＼ ﻿	no i do not !

1 the 27th amendment to the constitution , which restricts the ability of congress to raise its own pay , was ratified in 1992 , more than 200 years after the	and that's why many newer amendments include language that says they must be ratified in 10 years otherwise they're invalid .

1 cosmo is over a hundred years old and started out as a literary magazine containing stories and articles from nobel prize winners sinclair lewis , george bernard shaw , and	sigh

1 homosexuality in china was considered a " normal fact of life " and the appearance of homophobia is attributed to influence of christianity and islam .	in ancient greece it was manly to have sex with men .
2 you're confusing homosexuality with pederasty again .	from wikipedia : " pederasty is the archetypal example of male age-structured homosexuality . "

1 after training robert de niro for the movie raging bull , jake lamotta considered him one of his top 20 best middleweight boxers of all time .	and tom cruise was feted as being one of the best natural drivers by the race trainers after filming " days of thunder " . yeah right .
2 he did record the fastest celebrity lap ( at the time ) during his joint appearance on top gear with cameron diaz .	but then came mr fucking bean and made an unbeatable time .
3 matt leblanc ( joey from " friends " ) edged that time by 0.1 seconds .	aw man ... ;( you just crushed my dreams .

1 weird al yankovic has asked permission from prince to parody his songs on numerous occasions , and has always been refused . when the two were assigned to sit in	prince once had a youtube channel deleted for having a single video of phish covering a prince song .
2 remember when prince ordered down a video on youtube of him playing radiohead's " creep " live , asserting copyright infringement when he didn't even have the authority to do	iirc something along the lines of radio head having it unblocked on the premise that : " it was their fucking song and not prince "

1 president james garfield entertained his friends by having them ask him questions , and then writing the answer in latin with one hand while simultaneously answering in greek with the	meanwhile i still tie my shoes bunny ear style ...

1 in 1993 a scotsman was charged with being in contempt of court for answering a question with " aye " instead of " yes " .	well , as we all know , no * true * scotsman would have answered with " yes . "

1 when colonel robert gould shaw , commander of the all-black 54th regiment during the american civil war , died at fort wagner , he was stripped and buried with his	you should watch the movie glory with matthew broderick . it is the story of the 54th . really a powerful movie .
2 ohhhh myyyy lorddddddd lord lord lordddddddd	mmmhhmmmmmm

1 only two people at kfc know the secret recipe of 11 herbs & spices and they are not allowed to travel together on the same plane or in the same	bender told me it's just chicken , grease , and salt .

1 the firearm silencer was invented by hiram percy maxim , w1aw , founder of the arrl .	and the internal combustion engine muffler ! til .
2 they're basically the same thing ... a series of baffles that cause the pressure waves and sound to dissipate and reflect onto each other , instead of being emitted out	it's funny / sad that a tool used to protect the hearing of hunters and students is illegal in some places and requires special background checks in others .

1 a young charlie wilson's dog was killed by a next door neighbor who was running for city council by mixing crushed glass into the dog's food . charlie wilson retaliated	: op watched charlie wilson's war
2 yep . good movie , another good hanks performance .	and phillip seymour hoffman .

1 the great gatsby originally sold poorly ( 20,000 copies in the first year ) and the author , f . scott fitzgerald , died believing himself to be a failure	death awaits the seeker , the seeker finds death . the seeds of art toil in slumber of thought sought , and beauty echos tenfold in death .

1 in switzerland , rabies has been virtually eradicated after scientists placed chicken heads laced with a vaccine in the swiss alps . the foxes of switzerland , proven to be	wait so what abou the future generations ? or are there just chicken heads lying around everywhere in switzerland ?

1 the first fax machine was actually invented in 1865 . 11 years before bell would invent the telephone .	i always wondered how they sold the first fax machine . who would you fax to ? by the way kids please use a cover sheet . always practice safe

1 a . j . hawk , bobby carpenter , anthony schlegel , and nick mangold first grew out their hair in tribute to pat tillman when he was killed (	i never knew this . great find .

1 j . r . r tolkien fought in multiple battles during wwi . including battle of thiepval ridge and the assault on the schwaben redoubt .	just imagine how many great people couldn't ever each their potential because they were taken by war . the great cardini ( famous magician ) also perfected his skills in

1 the nazis kidnapped hundreds of thousands of polish children they deemed to be racially superior , and forcibly germanized them . only 10-15 % were ever returned .	am i the only one here who learned this in 8th grade history ? ?

1 time travel is technically possible	i am fairly sure you did not read the very short article .

1 during a pledge drive , a dj at a portland , or radio station promised that the station would never play " stairway to heaven " again if someone made	i would pay to never hear the same shit i hear on the radio day after day .

1 there is a completely unique english dialect spoken only on tangier island , virginia . it is said to be almost the same as when the island was settled in	well there is actually around 100 dialects of the american english language , each one is unique .

1 whoopi goldberg choose her stage name , not just as a reference to a whoopee cushion , but also because her mother thought " goldberg " was jewish-sounding enough to	i believe it was at the national portrait gallery in dc ( during the black list exhibition ) that i read that she chose her last name to honor /

1 billie piper ( the actress who played rose tyler in doctor who ) divorced from her wealthy husband , she opted not to claim any money from him , stating	as noble is this seems on the front of it , let's bear in mind that billie piper is very successful actress . i doubt she really needed to get

1 the show reno 911 was mainly improv and had very little scripting .	my friend's dad is a cop in denver . he said ' reno 911 ' was a more true-to-life cop show than ' cops ' .

1 don king killed two men . one was shot in the back while robbing one of king's gambling houses . the other was an employee stomped to death for owing	and he got a videogame named after him .

1 john lennon was offered the role of jesus in the musical " jesus christ superstar " but would only accept on the condition that yoko played mary magdalene . the	[ yoko singing with john and chuck berry ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=495VEzYjABg ) i love how chuck's eyes light up the first time he hears her . kept his cool ,
2 i'll just leave this here ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ss0XNOWvzlU	i was trying to find that . i fucking love bill burr , and he's completely spot on with this .

1 the uk has a bigger population than the combination of australia , canada and new zealand , despite being less than 2 % of their total size ( by area	most of australia and canada is basically uninhabitable . everyone in canada basically lives in the warmer areas near the us border and basically everyone in australia lives right near
2 did you just say the uk has decent weather ?	uk has very decent weather compared to the frozen tundras of most of canada and the melt your ass off deserts of central australia .
3 most of canada is not frozen tundra . here's a map of the tundra - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:800px-Map-Tundra.png	iceland is frozen tundra ? :)

1 the first female to circumnavigate the globe was a goat , affectionately nicknamed " the goat " , who traveled around the world twice with captains wallis and cook .	ok , now can we get a til on the actual first female human to circumnavigate the earth ?
2 [ jeanne baré ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeanne_Bar%C3%A9 ) as part of louis antoine de bougainville's expedition on the ships * la boudeuse * and * étoile * in 1766 – 1769	oh no no no no , it's frightful bad luck to bring a woman aboard , sir . it'd be far worse not to bring her .

1 pigeons are superstitious . when given food at irregular intervals in a lab , they develop rituals ( like spinning in a circle ) associated with whatever they were doing	this is the basis of superstition , all superstitions can be described as a type of learned behavior .
2 i still think stepping on round sewer holes and avoiding the square ones brings me luck . i am not a smart man .	i don't believe that such a thing as a square sewer hole exists .
3 yeah , i think encyclopedia brown busted that kid . the lids are round so they can't fall in the hole , where a square one can if you flip	and they're heavy - if it's round , you can roll it instead of carrying it .

1 after jfk was assassinated , there was a brief scuffle between local and federal authorities when the president's security detail wasn't allowed to remove his body from the hospital .	stupid conspiracies ! ! ! trust your government you fucks ! !

1 the last duel in canada was between two men who were so terrified of dueling , one fainted and the other was seized by horror . the guns were also	andrew jackson killed a guy . and was still elected president . abraham lincoln wanted to kill a guy .

1 ahmad shah massoud was an afghan resistance leader , who in april 2001 warned the european parliament about a large-scale terrorist attack on u . s . soil being imminent	and now one of the major traffic intersections is known as massoud circle .
2 and boy is it a giant clusterfuck . kinda of representative of the whole country .	vbied circle , baby .
3 eh , there's a pretty massive anp presence there now , which makes sense considering that whole area is filled to the brim with embassies and isaf camps . the	everything in the direct vicinity of kaia is fucked . still , it's dangerous outside of nkc , opposite side of massoud from the entrance to gz regardless of ana

1 since ronald reagan , each outgoing united states president has left a private message on the oval office desk for the incoming president on inauguration day .	its the updated list of secret society codewords that the new president will have to memorize , then eat .

1 gordon ramsay left one of his first jobs while as an aspiring chef because he was tired of " the rages the bullying and violence " perpetrated by the head	its a show about a grown up who gets upset if someone doesnt cook good and millions of people want to see that it seems .

1 in the united states , asians earn the highest average salary by race .	because they work the hardest . do you know why black people have the lowest average salery ? and the highest unemployment rate out of all races
2 because they have been historically oppressed . get out with your stupid racism .	blacks have higher crime rates and lower educational levels all over the world . it's not isolated to america . there has simply never been a functional all black society
3 [ look at all these " non-functioning " african societies ! ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e7/African-civilizations-map-pre-colonial.svg )	technically the carthaginian and ptolemaic empires had semetic and greek , respectively , rulers and in carthage's case founders . but the rest of the map is true .

1 the movie " blazing saddles " was the first film from a major studio to have a fart joke .	didn't john wayne turn a part in the movie citing the fart jokes ?

1 a nisei soldier had his arm shot off as he was about to throw a grenade into a german bunker and then pried the grenade from his severed hand and	i never knew a medal of honor recipient was a us senator .

1 - the rape rate per 100,000 people in canada is 1.7 and 27.3 in the us .	proportionally more people in the us would be the product of rape
2 ... but god loves the product of rape according to republicans . those rapists are doing gods work .	greeymile thinks no god could possibly love someone who is a product of rape . hey everyone who's mother was raped , go kill yourself . according to " democrats
3 pretty sure god would love all of his / her / it's children . if a woman is raped , i don't think she'd want to carry the child of	but that not what was said , " ... but god loves the product of rape according to republicans " was said . followed by the implication that republicans and

1 the us drinking age was raised from 18 to 21 due to the efforts of mothers against drunk driving ( madd ) . they successfully lobbied congress to create a	they should've left the drinking age where it was , and raised the age for ( or flat out banned ) cigarettes . but then , i guess this would
2 cigarette should just become illegal honestly . how much research do we have that says they cause thousands of deaths a day ?	that worked really well for alcohol and marijuana . i bet it wouldn't cause a multi-billion dollar black market of murderous gangs selling tobacco . wait a minute ...

1 iggy azalea is the only artist since the beatles whose first two hot 100 hits have ranked first and second simultaneously .	it's not very complex or thought intensive to listen to , but ariana grande problems with iggy is amazingly catchy .
2 the radio played both tracks four times per hour here until people began to loathe her ( i switch it to another station as well when they come on )	yea i can't say it isn't way over saturated , nonetheless crazy catchy . this is typically done with pop songs , play it until people hate it . arctic

1 during the filming of taxi driver , de niro asked cybill shepherd out on a date . she turned him down , and he did not speak to her ,	shit , i'd regret it too if the other person made it so awkward .

1 psychiatric hospitals were first pioneered by the islamic world . the treatment of mental patients was regarded as a religious obligation .	godamnit reddit , stop with the hate and start educating yourself properly on islam . it wouldn't hurt to actually read the quarn or listen to numerous scholars . /

1 in 1985 ryan white was refused re-entry to his school due to him having aids . 117 parents and 50 teachers petitioned for his ban . people even cancelled their	welcome to indiana
2 it was another indiana town that welcomed him with open arms , you can't judge a state by one frightened community .	well , you can . it just wouldn't be * fair * .

1 - most of the smoke billowing up from a space shuttle launch is not exhaust . it is water vapor from the pool of water under the shuttle designed to	this is actually the most interesting til i've read in months . i actually learned something today !
2 would you also be surprised to learn how bright the rocket engines are ? nothing prepared me for that . when [ i watched sts - 132 launch ] (	i was lucky enough to see sts 131 , the last " night " launch . it was literally like having a sun in the sky , only slightly less
3 * that * would have been something to see !	here's a couple of photos i took a few seconds apart http://imgur.com/a/SGda6

1 the winner of tour de france has been positive for doping 40 times in the past 53 years .	every athlete who is performing at the highest level is on something . drugs tests only catch the ones who mistime the clearance time . there hasn't been a natural
2 not all sports . i would say that golf has pretty clean athletes .	i doubt it . there's less scrutiny , and often more at stake ( as getting paid requires winning , not just playing ) . i'd bet that if the

1 after being run through by a japanese officer , fazal din vc took the sword from the officer and proceeded to kill him and two other japanese soldiers with it	post this in r / fuckingmanly

1 homefront , a video game released in early 2011 , based on a war against a north korean global power , has so far successfully predicted both the year of	successfully predicted or the years coincidentally matched ? i don't think the game developers were trying to predict anything .

1 chris farley was the original choice to voice the title character of the dreamworks animated film shrek , but died just before recording was finished . it's said approximately 80-90	there were also some potential missed moments of awesome with john belushi , the best of which was hitchhiker's guide with belushi as zaphod beeblebrox , bill murray as arthur
2 but hitchhiker's guide seems so inherently english to me . i'm not sure it would work with an all-american / canadian cast like that .	oddly , i think it could have worked really well as an ' 80s reitman / ramis / landis style adventure comedy . it wouldn't be the same , obviously

1 tofu is just " cheese " made from soy milk ( whereas regular cheese is made from animal milk )	why all the hate for tofu ? it can be prepared a zillion ways , is a great and healthy substitute for cheese ( which constipates ) or red meat
2 pesto , alfalfa sprouts , bacon , and lightly fried tofu on sourdough bread . totally not asian cuisine , but absolutely amazing .	tofu is so all-purpose , it is hardly limited to asian cuisine , just more prevalent . that sounds yummy !

1 game of thrones revceives money from the irish government to keep airing because their innitial investment of 9 million pounds returned 65 million pounds through got related tourism .	kim jong-un must regret his decision to turn down got north korea

1 nowhere in the bible does it say that mary magdalene was a prostitute or even overtly sexual .	when i read the bible for my scriptures class , it never occurred to me that she may be a prostitute . i'm not exactly sure why people think she

1 - the name of yoda's race & home world are never mentioned in any film , book , or media . he is officially said to be of a "	lucas will explain , and of course , fuck this up as well .
2 since lucas has sold star wars to disney , that's highly unlikely .	which would be worse , a lucas explanation , or a disney ?

1 shakira was banned from her school choir because her music teacher didn ’ t think she could sing and ' sounded like a goat '	confirmed : shakira is goat .

1 in 1959 , the washington redskins were the only holdout in approving the application for the expansion dallas cowboys . needing the vote to be unanimous , the cowboys bought	this might get buried , but this created such a fierce rivalry that the redskins had a te whose first name was dallas . the team refused to call him

1 during islam's golden age , scientists were paid the equivalent of what pro athletes are paid today .	oh how the mighty have fallen

1 the nijō palace in kyoto has special floors that squeak when walked upon , a sound that is very similar to the nightingale birds . so when attackers tried to	very creative security device . [ how they built them ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nightingale_floors ): > these floors were designed so that the flooring nails rubbed against a jacket or clamp
2 welp , when i build my future home i know how i'll be building the floors outside of my children's bedroom . \ * chirp \ * " no sneaking	what're you gonna do outside the windows ?
3 sentry turrets .	lawn ?

1 during prohibition , the us government ordered poison be added to industrial alcohol to discourage consumption . people continued to drink it , so the government mandated more potent poison	this is known as " denatured alcohol " .
2 and it is still a thing .	yeah , just people have easy access to consumer grade booze so they aren't tempted to kill themselves for a buzz anymore .
3 they do this in medication still and it is a problem . they add stuff to pain killers that will destroy your liver / kidney if you abuse them .	some times ( read : most times ) it is as simple as dissolving the tablets in cold water and then straining the solid gunk out . the water tastes

1 johnny knoxville comes from significant inbreeding	but ... he's so normal ...
2 inbreeding makes potentially harmful sub-dominant genes dominant , but you have to admit that humans were at one time or another numbering only in the few thousand , so somewhere	you're my favorite distant cousin

1 n64 goldeneye 007 was developed by a very small and inexperienced team ; it only had ten developers , eight of whom had never previously worked on video games .	i wish i can meet the guy that designed " odd job , " what i'd give to kick that guy in the balls .

1 a scientist once wore glasses with flipped lenses so everything was upside down . after a while , his brain flipped the image so he could see normally again .	ah another example of the ole ' once you go black you never go back .

1 when bono was 14 , his mother died at her father's funeral	can someone explain why reddit hates bono so much but kanye is cool ?
2 because they haven't listened to the joshua tree in one sitting yet . best fucking album of the 1980s , fite me i'm right	or achtung baby

1 a commonality between users of dmt is to hallucinate " machine elves " being present and having interactions with them . it is consistent across cultures and generations .	i had a friend once tell me ( who did dmt often ) that he always saw a gnome and a penguin and most people he knew ( who did

1 a german officer asked picasso " did you do this " , when he saw a photo of the painting ' guernica ' , a painting about the effects of	picasso doesn't afraid of authority

1 athletes and / or personalities are paid anywhere from $ 30,000 - $ 75,000 to say " i'm going to disneyland " after they win a big event . they	if i recall correctly , otis anderson did not say " i'm going to disneyland ! " after being announced super bowl mvp , he said something along the lines

1 frank lampard scored his first career goal as a swansea player rather than west ham or chelsea .	hardly related , but [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcM8SgiXy3A ) came up on facebook yesterday . lampard actually being likeable .
2 is lampard not perceived as likeable ?	depends who you ask ...

1 windows included solitaire in windows to teach people how to drag and drop .	and minesweeper for dexterity .
2 minesweeper for right clicking ?	minesweeper also teaches you to click with both buttons at the same time since microsoft envisioned that it would be a common action in the future .
3 wait , what happens if you click both ? i've never done that ..	if you hover your mouse over a number that has some unmarked blocks near it and dual-click , then it will automatically uncover all of the unmarked blocks . this

1 the world's oldest person attributed her ripe old age ( 122 ) to a diet of olive oil , port wine and 1kg of chocolate per week .	holy shit , she met vincent van gogh . he died in 1890 . > she said at the time that she had met van gogh 100 years before ,
2 to think that he has probably been romanticized by history at this point and the one person alive to actually meet him knows for a fact that he's an ungracious	i mean , the man could paint .
3 well said . i'm really good at masturbating . i also am " dirty , badly dressed and disagreeable " , and " very ugly , ungracious , impolite ,	they will my son , they will .

1 as of 2010 the estimated cost of the international space station is $ 150 billion and is arguably the single most expensive item ever constructed .	and easily the most awesome .
2 seriously . the only space outpost man has ever setup that is literally hovering above earth , where we're doing a bunch of different space related experiences is the most	i apologize for this , but [ there were and still are others . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_space_stations )

1 on several occasions , harrison ford has personally provided emergency helicopter services at the behest of local authorities , in one instance rescuing a hiker overcome by dehydration in jackson	" i told you ! i woke up and indiana jones was feeding me bacon ! "
2 is bacon good against dehydration ?	.. bacon is good ...

1 the concept for the spider-man villain , venom , was a fan based idea that marvel bought for a little more then $ 200 .	if the person sold it with any kind of royalty , they'd be millionaire's

1 there is a photograph in the virtual museum of canada dated from 1941 where a man in modern clothes is thought to be a time traveler and is given the	how aboutthe person on a hand radio / cell phon in a charlie cahplin film
2 i saw that too . someone said it could have been an ear trumpet , which i guess could be a hearing aid ?	true but its boxy looking though . i homestly have no idea what it could be .

1 some game companies made the game harder if it was pirated rather than implementing drm	thers was an update for garry's mod that made it crash on startup for pirated copies ... and the error message it gave identified your steam account . http://pixelsmashers.com/wordpress/?p=9222
2 who pirates a $ 2 game ? i don't even understand that . i could find $ 2 in my car in the time it takes me to find a	people with one dollar .

1 the oldest living person smoked cigarettes from the age of 21 to 117	wow , thinking about someone being 20 in 1890 - something , then being alive in the 1990s ... imagine that . being born and an adult before planes and
2 its amazing . and during wwi she hit 40 years old . i doubt there were even many wwi veterans still alive in 1990s	there were more than you might think . it's only been recently ( like this year ) that the last wwi veterans passed away .

1 the deepest note mankind has ever detected is a b ♭ that is 57 octaves below middle c . the sound is made by inflating plasma bubbles in the center	cool ! thanks for sharing !

1 the first animal to ask an existential question was from a parrot named alex . he asked what color he was , and learned that it was " grey "	alex's last words : > be good . i love you . oh the feels . edit : since it's being discussed in this thread i figured i'd share my
2 that parrot is gonna have best last words than me . with any luck mine will probably be " no of course it's safe , mountain lions aren't as vicious	mine will likely be " god damn it " . i've been in a couple of motorcycle accidents where i thought i was going to die , and each time

1 all existing jfk assassination related documents will be made public by 2017	lol

1 bill gates modified the code of his school's schedule program so he could sit in classes that were full of girls .	[ this is how i imagine his face when he found out that it worked ] ( http://www.dailytech.com/Bill+Gates+Says+No+to+Second+Coming+Ballmer+Discusses+New+Era+for+Microsoft/article27897.htm )
2 i like the " bill gates says " no " to second coming " part because he already failed at step 1 : being steve jobs	that was terrible .
3 i tried it worked	nope

1 portuguese king john ii was called " the man " / " the dude " ( el hombre ) by queen isabella of castile ( spain )	el hombre respeta
2 if you're not into the whole brevity thing .	shit ... i thought i was saying " the dude abides " . my spanish is rusty .

1 during the lockout , amar'e stoudemire participated in various workouts in order to rehab his back . the workouts improved his posture so much that he grew from 6 '	i just sat up in my chair . 6 ' 11 here i come ...

1 : many of the most badass lines in the movie 300 were real historical quotes ; and that dry , blunt wit has been named after that region of grece	" our arrows will blot out the sun ! " " then we will fight in the shade "
2 molon labe , a lot of people know this quote , but it was made famous at thermopylae . means come and take them . so much badassery went on	have [ this inscription ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8c/Molon_labe2_edit_crop.jpg ) tattooed on my side :)
3 that statue is in thermopylae .	that statue is in sparta actually . ( i've been there 3 times )

1 carl sagan was not an atheist and hated the term .	it's good to be agnostic master race .

1 nicholas cage invented his own acting style , known as " nouveau shamanic " . he plans on one day writing a book about the method .	the shamanic part makes me think he does a lot of drugs , or goes on a ' trip ' to figure out his take on characters . there was
2 nicolas cage does plenty of drugs , and is not ashamed about it . there's a story floating around the internet about how his cat got into his shrooms one	i heard that nicolas cage once had a trip with his cat , who had gotten in to his supply of shrooms .
3 yea , i heard that he tripped with his cat once , after the cat got into his stash of shrooms .	you sure it wasn't shrooms and didn't it involve a cat ?

1 mountain dew was created to be used as a mixer for whiskey and the name was slang for moonshine !	i've always heard that sprite was intended as a mixer for whiskey aswell ! i've tried it ( with low-shelve whiskey ) and it's not bad at all !

1 rapper ice-t served four years in the army , was a squad leader for the 25th infantry division and received an honorable discharge	from wikipedia or from adam carolla's podcast ?
2 yeah , yeah , from a podcast . not from the episode of * ice loves coco * where they go to hawaii .	well this podcast aired just days ago , it's more timing appropriate . also : people still watch reality tv ?

1 during wwii , a german and british aeroplane shot each other down in norway , and the crew met and then helped each other survive . two of them then	i've always loved real stories like this . i have a painting in my living room that's about something very similar .

1 hip-hop mastermind immortal technique established an orphanage in afghanistan in 2008 funded by the profits from his album " the 3rd world "	[ the best immortal technique rhyme . ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JRLl2yVrJzE#t=1m30s )

1 consuming a polar bear's liver will kill you because of it's toxic levels of vitamin a	its
2 monty python's flying circus .	polar bear's liver . its toxic levels of vitamin a . when showing possession , there is [ no apostrophe ] ( http://theoatmeal.com/comics/apostrophe ) . as a pronoun , it
3 i'm well aware of the difference between it's and its . i was referring to how [ monty python's flying circus began their shows ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pq1SZrZbRMA ) because his	but his comment was not " it's " ;)

1 monosodium glutamate's bad reputation is not supported by scientific evidence	after the sixth dorito , i have a head ache . so shut your yapper !
2 sounds like a psychosomatic response	hmm , pretty sure we traced down my childhood head aches to the msg in moms tater tot casserole . and you're a terrible tv doctor .
3 do you also get headaches when you eat parmesan or tomatoes ?	i don't see why this is such a common question in this thread . is the amount of msg in tomato and parm even comparable to the amount in asian

1 windows included solitaire in windows to teach people how to drag and drop .	windows was developed by windows and not microsoft , who knew ?
2 whoa , if windows developed windows , is windows god ?	it was the only thing that didn't need to be closed ( multiple times ) by task manager on windows 98 . and it never caused a bsod .

1 the author of hatchet , gary paulsen , has seen shark attacks , saw his mother beat a potential molester to death in front of him , learned to shoot	i remember getting ' hatchet ' and reading the whole thing in one sitting on the piano bench .

1 during prohibition , the us government ordered poison be added to industrial alcohol to discourage consumption . people continued to drink it , so the government mandated more potent poison	... oops

1 speedy gonzales was banned by cartoon network for being an offensive stereotype , only to be returned after mass protest by the hispanic-american community .	go to south america . there is no politically correct . if you are fat , your nickname is fatso and its ok .
2 oh you have no hair ? el calvo ...	we actually use the term " pelón " to refer to a bald person .

1 wladimir klitschko auctioned off his 1996 olympic gold medal in march 2012 for charity . the buyer payed $ 1 million but immediatly returned it because he wanted it to	wow that is really really cool of the buyer .

1 what al-qaida's strategy for 2001-2020 is	but instead of a caliphate , we're getting pro-democracy revolts all across the region - talk about a last-minute upset .
2 pro-democracy not necessarily guarantees a secular government . a democratic election gives islamist factions a better chance of seizing power , than a totallitarian pro-western dictator .	a better chance of seizing power - but a far , far * smaller * chance of a single , region-wide government .

1 there was a mid-air collision between two planes over california in 1986 . one of the planes was guided by an air traffic controller named walter white . a similar	maybe breaking bad was a documentary this whole time .
2 go to the coordinates , i bet his cash is still there .	it leads to their studio .

1 shortly before the great exodus from digg , the company laid off 37 % of its staff and installed an interim ceo .	redditors still think they are winning the war against change / pao by sitting on reddit and posting on reddit

1 marcus luttrell , a former navy seal , chased four men through four counties while armed with two 9mm berettas because they killed his dog , dasy .	he should have shot them , would have never been convicted .

1 when washoe , first chimp to use sign language , was told that her caretaker's baby had died , she signed " cry " , touching her cheek and drawing	i heard it was a kitten . in the video i saw it was the chimps pet kitten .
2 that was [ koko the gorilla ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Koko_%28gorilla%29 ) , a different primate language study .	koko is still living .
3 we should get him to do an ama .	i hate to be that guy , but koko was female . edit : tenses are hard .

1 otto von bismarck challenged a rival politician to a duel , but backed out after learning that his opponent choose to fight with two pork sausages , one infected with	he should have spent the last few years building up an immunity to trichinosis . ( and possibly iocane powder )

1 apu nahasapeemapetilon's children's names are lincoln , freedom , condoleezza , coke , pepsi , manifest destiny , apple pie , and superman .	that was a joke in one episode . in episodes after that one , they are referred to by their original names .

1 robocop occasionally teaches courses in ancient history at syracuse university	that's buckaroo banzai .

1 with the cost of $ 367 billion , a nuclear pulse powered interstellar spaceship can be built with 1968 technology to reach alpha centauri in 133 years ; achieving a	" carl sagan suggested this would be an excellent use for currently stockpiled nuclear weapons " savage . and so true .

1 speedy gonzales has a cousin called slowpoke rodriguez that appeared in only two cartoons . since he cannot move fast enough to defend himself , he carries a gun for	only two ? ? ? i seem to remember him being in quite a few more . maybe he just made an impression , slowpoke was awesome .

1 the z in dragon ball z was chosen because z is the last letter of the alphabet and akira toriyama wanted to finish the series because he was running out	currently watching the complete abridged series . i have to say i am enyoying it far more !
2 i need an adult ?	the f * bombs are bleeped out , so i guess it's pretty pg - 13
3 it's a reference dude	oh , brother ...

1 guillermo del toro was working with disney on an adaptation of the wind in the willows but left the production team as an executive said : ' could you give	and that was 2003 ? ' radical ' was not radical anymore in 2003 .
2 you underestimate how out of touch some people are . hell , just the other day at work one person awkwardly said " groovy " in reference to a product	sometimes i say groovy . i'm taking it back .

1 on december 11 , 2002 , two motorists called police to report seeing a car veering off a road , when police went to look , they found a car	tell ' em large marge sent ya ! !
2 http://www.imgur.com/nJS3t.jpeg	god that used to scare the shit out of me as a kid

1 in 1975 , a 15 - year-old girl was beaten to death , with the primary suspects in the murder being kennedy-cousins thomas and michael skakel . although michael skakel	innocent until proven guilty . that's one part of our law system that is fantastic . you cannot condemn yourself with words , you must be proven guilty of your

1 during prohibition , an exemption was made for whiskey prescribed by a doctor and sold through a pharmacy . the walgreens pharmacy chain grew from 20 retail stores to almost	learned this during a tour of the buffalo trace distillery . apparently they were one of the distilleries allowed to remain open for medicinal hill-people juice .

1 einstein was stopped so much in public , he would reply , " pardon me , sorry ! always i am mistaken for professor einstein . "	so i'm walking my 7 year old son to swimming lessons at the local middle school . he sees a poster of einstein ( the one with his tongue sticking
2 that's interesting . einstein has become more of an adjective than a name . edit : it has been written to me that this is more of a common noun	great observation , einstein . it's largely sarcastic too
3 no shit ... sherlock ?	had you opted for a comma instead of that ellipsis you would have won .

1 flavoured potato chips were invented in ireland [ x-post from r / ireland ]	good man yourself , mr tayto .

1 there's a man who ran nonstop for 135 miles in 120f degrees across death valley , a marathon in the south pole in - 40f and did 50 marathons in	135 miles in 120f ? god damn it , i no longer feel proud of my 5 miles a day =[

1 cats have infected over half of the human population with a brain-dwelling invertebrate parasite .	i'm . . . i'm okay with this . i love my fuzzy wuzzies even if they're literally making me crazy .

1 family guy creator seth macfarlane had been scheduled to be on american airlines flight 11 that hit the north tower on 9/11 , but he arrived at the airport late	seth mcfarlane's seat on a doomed plane went to someone else .
2 ysk that i don't have my own airline or a pilot's license .	ysk . ama

1 prior to france ’ s collapse in ww2 , a serious effort was made by churchill , french prime minister reynaud and charles de gaulle to combine france and britain	they could have , at the very least , cooperated enough to avoid mers-el-kebir .

1 back in the 60 ' s a bisexual boxer emile griffith was called a faggot by his opponent . emile responded by beating the man to death in the ring	fucking griffith ... not only did he beat one of my people to death , but i have to analyze the fucking benny paret poem every year in language arts

1 the earth's day got shorter by 2.68 microseconds because of the 2004 indian ocean earthquake	the speed at which earth rotates determines day length . nasa link was not available , i wonder if it just means we bumped in our orbit by a few
2 no . what happened was the earth's mass redistributed slightly . essentially , the average distance of earth's mass from its axis of rotation became ever so slightly smaller .	ohhhhhh . thank you for that .

1 despite having only 3 % of america's population , ohio has produced 25 astronauts , including john glenn and neil armstrong . the top wwi and ii fighter aces (	people living in ohio want to get out of ohio by any means possible .
2 i live in ohio and i have found that it really depends on where you live in ohio . some places are just awful and some places are amazing (	definitely - i grew up near toledo - lived in a fantastic burb on the west side of cleveland that broke all the stereotypes , and now in columbus .

1 spaghetti marinara wasn't invented until the new world was discovered , since tomatoes came from the aztecs . before that , pasta was eaten plain with no sauce ... with	am i really the only person that's beating my head against a wall because you said marinara and not sauce . stupiddd .

1 dr . james watson , discoverer of dna , said that genetically , black people are dumber .	i beg to differ , but dr . watson , you should revise your analysis , maybe is not that black people are dumber , maybe white people are more

1 if queen elizabeth lives for exactly two more years , she will be the longest lived british monarch ever	charles isn't particularly likely to die in the next two years , and we all know liz will outlive him .

1 there's a waterfall in minnesota that falls into a large hole made of rock ; scientists have tried ping pong balls and dye and still don't know where the water	i like to think the scientists ' conversation went something like this : " did you try putting some dye in there ? " " yep . " " what
2 we've used the most advanced testing techniques : ping pong balls .	thousand ping pong balls is much cheaper than thousand advanced gps equipped devices :)

1 the pilot episode of lost was so expensive ( ~ $ 14million ) that the network president was fired for greenlighting it .	don't tell me what i can't do !

1 o brother , where art thou was digitally altered to give the scenery a " rusty , yellow " look , one of the first films to do so throughout	this was done with the matrix too .

1 in 1993 creedence clearwater revival's record label sued former lead singer john fogerty because his song " the old man down the road " sounded similar to " run through	man could you imagine how often ac / dc would have to sue themselves if they could ? ?

1 the author of uncle tom's cabin rewrote much of the book from memory in old age believing it to be an entirely new work due to her dementia	" i might even be able to make a career as an author with this ! "

1 australia straight-up lost a prime-minister in 1967 . he still hasn't been found .	send abbott to look for him ... * snicker *

1 on may 30 , 1883 , a rumor that the brooklyn bridge was going to collapse caused a stampede , which killed at least twelve people . to prove the	elephants are only useful for their ivory and succulent trunk meat .

1 eminem once took so much methadone , doctors informed him that he had taken the equivalent of four bags of heroin , and was " about two hours from dying	damn , the small preview image had me thinking he was wearing a wilfred-esque outfit .

1 clint eastwood was offered the role of james bond but turned it down because he believed the character should be played by an english actor .	gg clint eastwood
2 is there any other kind ?	i read clint eastwood , ignored the rest , up voted just because . til clint eastwood drowned kittens ... too late already got my up arrow brah

1 after a typhoon swept through microneasian island pingelap , leaving olny about 20 survivors , 10 % of the population is now affected by rare color blindness , because of	bottleneck effect . i love evolutionary biology
2 founder effect	my evo bio book agrees with you , / u / 2sp00ky4me . it says founder effect too . [ imgur ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bjetqLO.jpg )

1 the trans-siberian orchestra has donated over $ 10,000 , 000 to charity since they started touring .	think it's safe to say that they play the best christmas music , ever . at this point , they're the main highlight of that time of the year .

1 mary-kate olsen refused to speak to authorities about the death of heath ledger without the promise of legal immunity	i hate post that link to the general wiki page ...

1 roller coaster tycoon was programmed by one guy . in assembly .	can someone explain what it means to " write in assembly " . all i can take away that is that its really hard and complicated .
2 in most programming languages you can write something like : if ( person.money > = umbrella.cost ) { person.buy ( umbrella ); } assembly is just a bunch of cpu	holy crap . ( thanks for replying )

1 the popsicle was invented by an 11 - year old boy who accidentally left his drink and stir-stick outside overnight	frank epperson was my grandpa . eccentric guy ! the popular story was that the name changed from epsicle to popsicle because his kids all said " pop , can
2 are you filthy rich ?	mmmmm popsicle money rich

1 ozzy osbourne once got so wasted before a meeting with the german head of cbs europe , he left thinking he had ' lightened the mood ' with a striptease	his body must have felt like shit daily from going this hard . hell i probably still feels like shit .

1 top gun was such an effective advertisement for the navy that the navy had recruitment booths right there in theaters .	i wonder if we'll see built-in army recruitment forms with instant online transmission in videogames like cod and mw soon .

1 before a concert to ease violent tensions in jamaica , bob marley was shot . he went on to perform , injured , stating that , " the people who	i am legend .

1 african immigrants in switzerland have a crime rate of above 600 % that of the native swiss population	no surprise here

1 one of frank abagnale's ( catch me if you can ) first cons was to buy a security guard costume , and place a sign over a bank drop box	i have a good friend from mexico . he often says - ~ " never underestimate the power of a a mexican carrying a leaf blower . he / she
2 if you aren't mexican a high-viz vest plus a clip board will acheive the same result . the most effective is being a white male aged 25 + in a	if the full outfit is tough to come by , cobble together some jeans , a dirty grey t shirt , boots , and a ginormous fucking key ring with

1 transgender prisoners in the usa are housed according to their birth gender regardless of their current appearance or gender identity . even transgender women with breasts may be locked up	rape is not part of the punishment of prison you sick , sick people . if you really think anyone ever " deserves " to be raped , you're hopelessly
2 > if you really think anyone ever " deserves " to be raped , you're hopelessly sick . do you believe capital punishment is ever justified ? that is ,	i'm against the death penalty , but honestly if i was for it . i would justify it by decribing it's purpose as purely to prevent dangerous people from ever

1 the guillotine was still the official method of execution in france until the death penalty was abolished ... in 1981 .	a which method we should move back towards , if you ask me .

1 in 1974 egyptologists observed ramesses ii's mummy's condition was rapidly deteriorating and flew it to paris for examination . he was issued an egyptian passport that listed his occupation as	seems like an excellent use of taxpayer money ...
2 respecting history and the dead = waste of tax payers money .	but without the protection of public cemeteries , who will stop the poltergeists from rising when people start building on top of graves ?

1 some animators from sunrise ( cowboy bebop , big o ) worked on batman : the animated series .	ok , so i've never been a comic book nerd but i'm bored . question : even if i'm not a comic book nerd , is b : tas something

1 in 2009 , general motors declared bankruptcy , took billions in government bailout money and issued new stock for the " new gm , " with no compensation for the	that's how it works in bankruptcy . after the bills are paid , the bondholders may get something , but the stockholders are often wiped out .
2 isn't there something that prevents a bankrupted business from just reappearing under a new name ( or even the same name ! ) though ?	bankruptcy doesn't mean the organization goes out of business ...

1 nestlé aggressively distributes free formula samples in developing countries till the supplementation has interfered with the mother's lactation . after that the family must continue to buy the formula since	doubly sinister since the powdered formula is so much cheaper than canned , and safe water can be such a limited resources in those countries .
2 considering nestle also controls the water supply / bottled water in those countries it doesn't surprise me at all . vertical integration at it's best .	you are absolutely wrong ... i am barang living in cambodia ... the bottled water mostly comes from in country ... thailand , vietnam , laos ... same ... stupid
3 doesn't mean nestle doesn't own the supply ... what's your most popular bottled water brand ?	nestle makes : arrowhead , npl , western family , coop gold , kirkland , aberfoyle , montclair , perrier , san pellegrino , and poland springs . correct me

1 nbc's dateline aired a segment showing gas tanks on general motors pickup trucks tended to explode on even low-speed impacts . g . m . responded with an investigation showing	chris , what have you * doonnneeee * ? ! !

1 lisa lampanеlli promisеd to donatе $ 1,000 dollars to gay mеn's hеalth crisis for еvеry mеmеbеr of wеstboro baptist church that protеstеd hеr show on may 20 , 2011 in	" and then she had sex with 50,000 black guys . " - every roast joke about lisa lampanelli ever
2 " $ 50,000 charging black guys . 50 per blowjob " - jeff ross	thats like . ... 15000 blowjobs
3 math was a hard subject , correct ?	ummm ... b ?

1 a man mistakenly identified as a rapist served nearly 11 years in prison before the truth came out , and now spends his time travelling with the victim to promote	he's time traveling ?

1 genghis khan once sent a 500 man caravan to establish trade ties , only to receive nothing in return and to have the whole caravan executed . genghis khan responded	crown for a king !
2 the real question here is who would win drogo vs . khan	genghis . for sure . like , really for sure .
3 1v1 ? khal . army v army ? khan .	boy . you don't know nothing . khal drogo is fiction . ghengis khan's a real guy . there's no way fiction could beat up a real guy .

1 paris hilton's grandfather donated 97 % of the family fortune and is embarrased of his granddaugher .	if i recall correctly his father tried to do something similar , but paris's grandfather won a court case and got a large chunk of the money that was suppose

1 the bulbs used in imax projectors are under such high pressure that handlers need to wear body armor when changing them .	i'm late to the party , but [ here they are being dropped off a roof top ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EwqTZeBBK7o )

1 dildos were invented over 25,000 years before the wheel	necessity is the mother of all great invention .

1 the number of chinese killed by the japanese during ww2 is greater than the number of jews killed in the holocaust	yeah ... you should read about * unit 731 * then . i don ´ t recommend it as it will change your view on the exceptionally brutal ways of

1 in 1914 henry ford doubled his worker's wages out of pocket , causing wages to rise competitively nation wide . he profited as sales increased now that many more americans	he also invaded his employee's private lives to see if they drank alcohol at night amongst other things . he was obsessed with efficiency and could demand more efficiency for
2 he also was a pretty royal shithead to his son , forced americanization ( not a word ) classes on immigrants , and had his inspectors make sure you didn't	he was also an anti-semite

1 prince performed a cover of radiohead's " creep " at coachella , but forced youtube to remove footage that fans had taken of the performance . youtube reinstated the videos	so just to get this straight , even though prince performed , because it was a cover radiohead owns the rights ?
2 if i understand it correctly , no . then again radio head probably doesn't either . the record label most likely does . the music industry is really scewwed up	i started that video not thinking i'd watch the whole thing , and i thoroughly enjoyed it . i almost feel bad for prince , it sounds like no one

1 feminist activist gloria steinem was opposed to the release of the novel american psycho due to its portrayal of violence against women . years later , she married david bale	she also is partially responsible for the role going to bale . leonardo dicaprio turned down the role at her insistence . she felt that it wouldn't be great if

1 there's a school that allows students to do whatever they want . no curriculum . no tests or hw . no classes unless requested . 82 % of these students	not saying anything for or against this system , but basically all fad educational programs do better than average because all of their students have parents sufficiently engaged with their
2 this seems like conjecture . anything to back this statement up ?	common sense .

1 the day after john w snow was sworn in as treasury secretary , his brokers bought $ 10m in debt holdings . when questioned about this in 2004 , john	/ r / shitpost
2 u r a shitpost	this thread is getting way to heated for me .

1 if a window is tilted 45 ° to match a gable roof line , it's called a " witch window " because witches are said to be unable to fly	shouldn't it be an anti-witch window ?

1 in the 1600 ' s london was plagued by an attacker who would grab unaccompanied women , lift their dress , smack their bare bottoms and yell " spanko !	i know where i'm going and how i'm dressing tomorrow .
2 you're going to 1600ad ?	tardis .

1 on september 4 , 2008 , the mexican supreme court of justice ruled that wal-mart de mexico , the mexican subsidiary of wal-mart , must cease paying its employees in	does this sound like the miserable mill from a series of unfortunate events to anyone else ?

1 for over an hour on february 7th 2008 , comcast accidentally broadcast porn instead of cartoon network in nashville , tennessee . in another incident , comcast replaced disney channel	accidentally ...

1 the number of chinese killed by the japanese during ww2 is greater than the number of jews killed in the holocaust	the difference is that like % 30 of all jews were wiped out sorry % 60
2 and jews are more important because ... ?	he's not saying they're more important , he's saying the difference is that half of their entire population was killed , even if the sheer numbers aren't as big as

1 charles manson ran a crime ring that turned stolen vw bugs into dune buggies	charlie was crazy not stupid .

1 in 1978 , the uss stein was found to have been attacked by a squid . the ship's hull suffered cuts over 8 % of its surface . from one	o . p . - there's a big difference between 8 % of a rubber coated sonar dome and a thick steel ship hull .

1 when nestlé declined an offer to watch his film about the exploitation of african children to harvest chocolate , director miki mistrati set up a large screen next to their	... but i thought it was the tears of african children that made his chocolate taste so good

1 manual gearboxes are lighter , cheaper , give better performance and fuel efficiency . they are the most common type everywhere besides north america and australia .	is this true for newer cars as well ? can someone post 73 comments about this topic please ?

1 morgan freeman is against black history month	hes right , its american history and shouldnt have a month

1 even sylvester stallone believes " stop ! or my mom will shoot ! " was one of his worst movies ever , calling it " maybe one of the worst	arnold's equivalent definitely has to be that one where he gave birth to a child out of his asshole .
2 what about jingle all the way	junior , 1994

1 the holocaust memorial in berlin contains an anti-graffiti chemical - which turned out to be manufactured by the same company that made the zyklonn b gas used in concentration camp	well , ig farben was the largest chemical company in the world . they manufactured literally every single commercially available compound . most other large chemical firms also made compounds
2 don't forget , volkswagen was a company started by the nazi party , henry ford was anti-semetic , and hugo boss designed the uniforms worn by the ss . it	hugo boss was a great designer . best uniforms in history , really . shame they're ruined .

1 joe rogan was the massachusetts full contact tae kwon do champion for four consecutive years . by the age of 19 , rogan won the us open tae kwon do	then he started hanging with eddie bravo and learned bjj and how to really fight .
2 is bjj brazilian jujitsu ?	yes . but bbbj is bareback blowjob .
3 i wonder if anyone's even gotten / given a bbbjjbj ? brazillian bareback jujitsu blowjob .	you'd think that someone out there would have by now .

1 yellowstone was the world's first national park , and sometimes called " america's best idea . "	[ this ] ( http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_l0dz1t3y7N1qansxt.jpg ) might have something to say about " america's best idea "

1 christopher nolan's interstellar is the only film in the top 10 worldwide box office of 2014 to be wholly original--not a reboot , remake , sequel , or part of	and the * book * is based on the movie ! http://www.amazon.ca/Interstellar-The-Official-Movie-Novelization/dp/1783293691

1 when roosevelt invited booker t . washington to the white house , senator benjamin tillman said " the action of president roosevelt in entertaining that nigger will necessitate our killing	itt : people who still believe that democrats from 100 years ago have anything in common with modern democrats - * and they aren't trying to be ironic or funny

1 einstein was stopped so much in public , he would reply , " pardon me , sorry ! always i am mistaken for professor einstein . "	einstein spoke a bit like yoda
2 never saw the two of them in the same place at the same time .	disappointed that 8 hours later and no one photoshopped something up . shame really .

1 dr . pepper is the oldest soda still selling in the us . it predates coca-cola by 1 year .	it's still delicious .

1 marine sniper sgt . carlos hathcock shot his rival sniper by sending a bullet through his scope and into the eye , just like the movies .	hathcock did some really amazing stuff . one of my favorites was him mounting a scope to a . 50 cal machine gun , because at the time there wasn't

1 sigur rós ' album ( ) is sung entirely in gibberish . many other of their songs are also sung in gibberish , not icelandic as i previously assumed .	i don't care what he's saying , it leaves it up to me to attach a meaning to the songs . plus , this album is one of the most

1 bonobos , while sharing 99 % of our dna , are wildly homosexual and have sex for nearly any reason . anything that arouses the interest of more than one	kinda weird to mention the dna similarity .

1 40 percent of all wikipedia vandalism is detected by a single bot . it has only 0.1 % false positives .	40 % of wikipedia vandalism is stupid enough that it can be detected by a single bot .

1 stephen hawking had to take an oral exam to determine whether he got a 2:1 or a 1st class ba from oxford , because of his " poor study habits	for non-english redditors we have no clue about your odd university grading scheme 2:1 or 1st class .. elaborate !

1 the role of " bubba " in the movie forrest gump was intended for dave chappelle . chappelle turned down the role , claiming it was too " racially demeaning	he also later went on to set the african american race back about 60 years .

1 in 2007 richard hammond left his porsche 911 stuck in traffic to run 16 miles home in 2.5 hours for his daughters birthday . awesome .	6.4 miles per hour for the curious .

1 : in 2011 drug cartel kidnapped hundreds of innocent bus passengers in mexico and made them fight to death like gladiators . the winners were sent on suicide missions	legalize cannabis then

1 after merriam-webster added " mcjob " – defined : a low-paying job that requires little skill and provides little opportunity for advancement – to their dictionary , mcdonald's asked for	where i grew up , in southern ca , no high school students or even recent high school graduates could get a fast food job . it seemed like only
2 i work with a lot of people in my mcd's who speak little to no english and they are by far the best workers . i'd rather work with a	yeah , latin american immigrants have , hands down , one of the best work ethics i've ever seen .

1 speed limits in rhode island , utah , and texas are all " prima facie " , which means motorists can get out of a speeding fine if they can	no wonder i've almost been hit a few times walking to class

1 an avocado is technically a berry .	all peppers are berries . fuckin ' crazy right ?

1 there is a town in alaska that has had a cat as mayor for 15 years .	this will probably get buried , but i created an account to tell you guys that i've lived here for just about my entire life .
2 do an ama ?	about the cat ?

1 . cameron diaz advocates urinating outdoors or during a shower because it conserves electricity and water .	i don't see any good reason * not * to pee in the shower .

1 in some countries , octopuses must receive anesthesia before surgery because of their intelligence	what does intelligence have to do with pain receptors ...
2 it has to do with how you feel pain . you're brain works through receiving electrical stimulation . so does a toaster . is your brain a toaster ?	but how is it justifiable to withhold anesthesia from an animal based upon how they feel pain , instead of realizing that , though they may not feel it as

1 only two people at kfc know the secret recipe of 11 herbs & spices and they are not allowed to travel together on the same plane or in the same	you know at the kfc near my place they have the 11 herbs and spices listed on the wall with pictures of each one , i guess they must be

1 the catholic church considers the theory of evolution to be " virtually certain " , and believes that intelligent design " isn't science even though it pretends to be .	one of the people that discovered genetics was a catholic priest . misinformation leads to stupid assumptions .

1 , aside from being one of the most venomous spiders in the world , the brazilian wandering spider has a bite that can cause painful erections that last for hours	i'm especially not into the " wandering " part . what's the range of one of these on a full tank ?

1 there is a rare snail that was named in honour of steve irwin , " crikey steveirwini . "	picture of said [ snail ] ( http://imgur.com/0tvUdh9 )
2 thats a pretty cool looking shell . almost as good as this one : http://i.imgur.com/uXw5dMZ.png	i can't be the only one who has no idea what the fuck i'm looking at .
3 looks like a dos shell / bios from an old / slow computer , a snail of a computer .	it looks more unix-y to me

1 one of the checks which a british nuclear submarine makes to see whether the government is still functioning is whether bbc radio 4 is broadcasting .	> the prime minister instructs the submarine commander to : > > * retaliate with nuclear weapons ; > * not retaliate ; > * use his own judgement ;
2 is sealand allied ?	it's an artificial island that one guy claims as a nation state . it isn't recognised as an actual nation state but the guy still calls himself the king .
3 didn't a scandinavian country recognise them ? i do know a tiny bit about sealand , it was the parent comment about being an allied force that confuse me .	the uk should just invade them and be done with this nonsense .

1 radical british islamist preacher anjem " andy " choudary failed his first year university exams due to excessive partying .	this guy has already been directly connected to followers of his that have went out and committed terrorist acts . only a matter of time before he escapes to yemen

1 in the original novel dracula , count dracula could turn into a wolf .	dracula also had a mustache and was only weakened in sunlight .
2 in fact , when you read the description of him in the novel , it becomes clear that what's being described is the way that the historical dracula appears in	that's not very menacing ...
3 i imagine it's a matter of perspective . one of the names he was known by at the time was " vlad the impaler " for his habit of taking	this guy figured out a way to impale you starting from the ass , and have the spike come up through your mouth , and have you not die .

1 the catholic church is the largest non-governmental provider of health services in the world .	hey people can't know that the church does good things ! that will make people open-minded and we can't have that !
2 most people know this already . i've brought up ascension health as a positive example of catholicism a dozen times on r / atheism . however , organizations like the	omg people who do no evil ? / atheism must be the best people on the planet ! no one on / atheism has ever done a bad deed !

1 the pirate party of germany petitioned for , and received , " pony time " - a 30 minute block where all members of the berlin state parliament must watch	man , if i could read german or understand the google-translated source of that fact ... i want this to be true * so hard * .

1 in 1945 america minted 500k purple hearts in anticipation of invading japan . two bombs changed everything and not another has been minted since .	many people say that the dropping of the a-bomb was inhumane , but when you think of it this way , it saved potentially millions of lives on both sides
2 and the bombing of dresden was the most humane thing as well ... and the use of agent orange in vietnam ... phosphor bombs in the middle east ...	mate this is my point ... yet i'll be downvoted into oblivion . war is not humane

1 the oldest living person smoked cigarettes from the age of 21 to 117	my great-grandma smoked cigarettes for over 70 years and she died at 97 . she was run over by a carriage when she was 13 , and was underweight all

1 tokyo itself has a higher gdp than all of russia	wow chicago is 4 ? nyc , tokyo , la , that makes sense . but berlin , london , paris , are lower than chicago ? as a chicagoan
2 as an it worker in chicago i can say that the it growth in the chicagoland area is absolutely enormous . not only that , we have boeing , motorola	another reason chicago is awesome . i guess my amazement comes from all of the budget talks the state is having and all the companies threatening to leave .

1 after wheelchair bound rapper mf grimm was sentenced to life he paid a one-day bail of $ 100,000 , he then recording an entire album in those twenty-four hours of	wow i listen to mf doom and had no idea about this story .
2 this is someone completely different , but they have collaborated .	i haven't been keeping up , but are those two still beefing ?

1 it is an offence to say that the golden color of the german flag as " yellow " .	conservatives in germany are just as petty as in the us .

1 lobsters have the potential to live forever as long as they evade harm	too bad being delicious isn't a great evolutionary trait .
2 it's an excellent evolutionary trait . do you think bananas , cows , or cinnamon will ever go extinct ?	some bananas already have . [ the tastiest bananas already went extinct in the 60 ' s ] ( http://www.popsci.com/scitech/article/2008-06/can-fruit-be-saved )

1 author j k rowling wrote the final chapter of the last harry potter book in ' something like 1990 ' , seven years before the release of the first book	no wonder the ending was so unpopular .
2 the ending was unpopular because it dashed any hopes for the story to continue indefinitely . if rowling wrote another 10 harry potter books people would happily read them .	which is good , in the long run . people always remember a series where it ended .
3 it also doesn't mean she can't write more about he creation at either an earlier or later time . what would the world of wizarding look like in 40 years	like the new movie she is writing the screenplay for ?

1 in germany , denying the holocaust happened is a crime and offenders can receive up 5 years in prison .	just a few days ago i was reading about the [ armenian genocide ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Armenian_Genocide ) of 1915 . turkey denies that it ever happened and most other countries
2 turkey , you're * under arrest ! *	[ nope ] ( http://www.escapewithdollycas.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/TURKEY-ESCAPE.jpg )

1 a us circuit court decided that nancy grace " played fast and loose " with her ethical duties in her lawyer days , and that she " demonstrated her disregard	nancy grace is an obnoxious pig . has this been said yet ?

1 people with red hair are more sensitive to thermal pain , are less sensitive to electrically induced pain , and require larger amounts of anesthetics than people without red hair	" hey sarah , we just got ourselves a massive research grant , you got any ideas how to use it ? " " let's hurt ginger people and see
2 it's actually pretty important for anesthetics . don't want people waking up ..	well , i'd say waking up is more important than going under ...

1 the cost of the international space station is funded by the usa 81 % , russia 8 % , europe 3 % , japan 3 % , and canada 1	we pay for 81 % of it yet we have no way to get there . this poses an issue when we suddenly start handing out sanctions .
2 eh , not really . eventually russia won't have a monopoly on the transport options , and playing hardball with access to the iss could hurt them in the long	not when they control the iss ... the russians have the command room on the iss .

1 : michael keaton's birth name is michael douglas . he changed it when he became an actor because sag rules stipulate that no two members may have identical working names	david tennant ( the guy with the eyebrows from doctor who ) also had to do this . his original was david macdonald ( mcdonald ? ) . very scottish

1 bill murray was arrested in 1970 for trying to smuggle 10 pounds of marijuana through a chicago airport	compare that to tim allen , who was busted in an airport with a pound and a half of cocaine , then ratted on everyone he knew to get a
2 not to sound contentious , but it sounds like you're judging tim allen kinda harshly ( correct me if i'm reading you wrong ) . i doubt anyone be in	i'm not judging him solely on this . mostly i think he's an unfunny hack jerkball . the coke thing just reinforces the opinion i already have .

1 dr . seuss wrote " green eggs and ham " to win a bet against his publisher who thought that seuss could not complete a book using only 50 words	i would not bet against dr . seuss
2 i would not do it with a goose i would not do it while drinking juice i would not do it while riding a moose	isn't " suess " pronounced " soice " , or in some other foreign manner ? that would invalidate your rhyme .
3 yes , " seuss " rhymes with " voice " if pronounced the original german way . but no one pronounces it like that	especially since his original german name is geisel

1 north american english has vowels which are pronounced differently when followed by r's . these are traditionally not present in singing which is why accents are not apparent in songs	doesn't seem right to me since any time i hear a song it sounds like north american english . it's the british accents that disappear ( and they sound north

1 there is a john cleese voice option for tomtom , and when you must " bear to the right " , it is followed by " beaver to the left	john cleese should do an american version of the directions so it makes sense when i'm driving somewhere with my wife .

1 during the filming of dexter episode " the damage a man can do " , the actor playing miguel prado accidentally stabbed a stunt man with a real knife .	and what happened to the stuntman ? is he ok ?

1 : in 2002 , pepsi ran a contest to win a car by giving keys to those who purchased the drink . pepsi then sued the man who finally opened	sensationalized title ? he just didnt have the winning key .

1 vampire bats will die if they can't find blood for two nights in a row . luckily , generous well-fed bats will often regurgitate blood to share with others ,	what i want to know is which happens first , the payment of blood or the grooming .

1 in ww2 german field marshal erwin rommel would often personally pilot a reconnaissance aircraft over the battle to view the situation . although rommel did not have a pilot's license	reddit celebrates nazi leaders now ?

1 there is a cruise ship named “ the world ” - - its residents permanently live there as it travels the globe .	i'm somehow reminded of . hack .

1 buzz aldrin once punched a moon landing conspiracy theorist in the face . the charges were dismissed , saying that he was provoked .	usa ! usa ! usa ! usa ! usa !
2 that doesn't even make sense . they're both american .	usa ! usa ! usa ! usa ! usa !

1 : males in the us are required to submit their info to the " selective service system " within 30 days of their 18th birthday or be subject to 5	i don't know if that's true . i turned in the info two months after my birthday and i never got a fine .

1 , despite minnesota's cold winters , the mall of america ( the largest mall in the united states ) uses no central heating in its common areas	well when your state motto is " stop being a pussy and man the fuck up " what else would you expect ?

1 us supreme court justice clarence thomas ' first language is not english	neither is mine ? spanish was my first .

1 6 - year-old ryan gosling , inspired by the movie " first blood , " once took steak knives to school and threw them at other children during recess	looks like movies and video games do cause murderous rampages .
2 if only , i dunno ... some parental figure had prevented him from taking a bunch of steak knives or something ...	if only they had known to expect movies and videogames to encourage their child to take steak knives to school
3 yeah , would have been great if the movie had some sort of rating system or something wouldn't it ? so parents would know first blood probably shouldn't be seen	i know , right ? til ryan gosling's parents are / were awful at being parents .

1 the green bay packers have sold out every game since 1960 and there are 86000 people on the waiting list	what makes that even more impressive is how shitty the weather gets over there and the stadium is fairly basic . it just a standard bowl shape with no places

1 whenever al-qaeda organised games of volleyball , mohammed atef and osama bin laden were forced to be on separate teams since they were both tall , and skilled players .	volleybomb *

1 the hacker kevin mitnick was kept in solitary confinement for 8 months because " law enforcement told the judge that he could somehow dial into the norad modem via a	the ol ' intercontinental ballistic whistle . classic .
2 a guy can start a nuclear war if he picks up a phone ? ok , put him in jail . but let's make that across the board . anyone	the whole idea behind " nuclear defense " is mostly about making sure they are never used in the first place . mutual destruction prevents weapon use , which is
3 if they are afraid it can be set off with a whistle , the tools should be dismantled .	you've gotta be pretty damn clever to set it off with a whistle ... so in the end , i guess the benefits outweigh the occasional smartass .

1 ol dirty bastard from the wu-tang clan helped lift a ford mustang off of a 4 year old girl who was just in a car accident . using a false	i always like odb

1 when general motors unveiled the camaro name in 1966 , automotive press asked chevrolet product managers , “ what is a camaro ? ” and were told it was “	i love the competition between the american muscle cars . i worked on the 2014 and 2015 mustang launch and have been so excited to see how this new redesign
2 if ford would just put a transmission in the mustang that isn't a piece of shit ...	back in the 80 ' s and 90 ' s , ford was putting borg warner t5 ' s in mustangs . and chevy was putting them in camaros ,

1 some star trek fans were so upset about spock's death in the wrath of khan that they threatened to kill leonard nimoy	haha , talk about life imitating art !

1 if momma did ' buy me a mockingbird ' she would be violating the migratory bird treaty act of 1918 , and would be subject to a fine of up	never underestimate the love a mother has for her child ...

1 in about 800 million years , all multicellular life on earth will die out from co2 starvation .	well at least we won't be there to witness this .

1 when local pagans were angered by a giant figure of homer simpson that was painted next to the cerne abbas giant in dorset , uk as a publicity stunt for	there's a giant drawing of a guy with a club and a huge erect penis somewhere in the uk .
2 pretty much every flat surface in hayes .	been to hayes , can confirm .

1 some people can voluntarily equalize the pressure in their ears by ' flexing ' open their eustachian tube .	as a scuba diver , i'm surprised to discover that many people don't know this .

1 leonardo dicaprio donated $ 1,000 , 000 to the wildlife conservation society at russia's tiger summit , causing prime minister vladimir putin to describe him as a " muzhik "	i'm convinced that his head is getting bigger and bigger .

1 every last f14 tomcat america has in flyable storage is being shredded to prevent spares reaching iran who are still flying the ones sold to them by the us in	i feel like this is like burning all of your money so that it won't get stolen .
2 considering these were nearly half a century old and were combat ineffective regardless , it was the equivalent of burning money that's been torn in half .	combat ineffective ? a squadron of tomcats could take on just about dang near every air force in africa . granted they might not do that well against the chinese
3 even super tomcats would be demolished by any first and second world country's air force .	that's what , maybe 20 countries outside of the eu ?

1 when legendary african king shaka zulu's mother died , he ordered no crops could be planted for the year , pregnant women were to be killed , no milk was	sounds like something congress would do if they had absolute power .

1 the band buckcherry issued a press release blaming pirates for leaking their music . after investigations , it was found that buckcherry leaked it themselves .	" it's you , you've been embezzling from yourselves . " " nooooooooooo ! "

1 the word for " roller coasters " in russian translates to " american mountains . "	that funny . in spanish we call them russian mountains .
2 in swedish : mountain and valley track	well , that's imaginative !

1 the pirate bay tried buying their own island in hopes of making their own country with no copyright laws .	i remember being in the irc channel during the fundraiser for this . i even had ops !

1 the tower of london's ravens are enlisted as soldiers of the kingdom . as in the case with soldiers , the ravens can be dismissed for unsatisfactory conduct . raven	one of the elemental masters books by mercedes lackey has a tower raven moving on to guard a magical girl .

1 mao never brushed his teeth and that by the time of his death , his teeth were covered in a green film .	it should be noted that the reason his teeth were green wasn't just because he didn't brush his teeth . the alternative he used was to rinse his mouth and

1 at age 24 , thomas müller has now scored 8 goals in 7 world cup matches .	oh yeah ? well – at age 22 , i own a microwave * and * a liberal arts degree .
2 so you have a microwave * and * something to wipe it down with ? well in mate !	i use mine as a placemat .

1 david yost , who played billy the blue power ranger , quit the show after frequent harassment from the crew for being gay	he was my fav when i was a kid because he is from iowa like me :P

1 in 1963 a buddhist monk set himself on fire and burned to death to protest the government in south vietnam	the thumbnail is quite deceiving ( i don't know how / if i can change it ) but the actual link goes straight to the picture and article of what

1 the jeopardy " think " music earned merv griffin over 70 million in royalties	that's about as angering as justin bieber making money to be honest

1 wd - 40 is not patent protected . this avoids completely disclosing its ingredients , making it harder for companies to mimic .	same with the coca cola recipe =D and lost of products in the market .

1 rick astley has earned almost no money from rickrolling , receiving only $ 12 in royalties .	wasn't he paid a large sum to sing it during the macy's parade a few years ago ? which only happened because of it's infamy ?

1 the last of a 3 foot penguin-like animal were killed by scottish villagers because it was thought to be a witch	we've advanced since then and have moved onto prosecuting goats and livestock for that now . heathens .

1 martin sheen has been arrested 66 times for protesting and acts of civil disobedience	i didn't know that guy's name was martin sheen , so when i saw the picture of charlie i thought it was because charlie had a first name that he

1 when chamillionaire asked michael jordan for a pic , jordan responded with " i ain't taking pictures with no n * ggas . "	jordan was hanging out with spike lee at the time who is also a douchebag
2 no spike was cool . he and the celtics that were with mj were sympathetic and felt bad .	spike lee put up the address of a house he thought was george zimmerman's way before he was ever put on trial or found innocent . not exactly the coolest

1 wwii german ace heinrich ehrler's last words were : " theo . i have run out of ammunition . i'm going to ram this one . good bye . we'll	there are several quotes about valhalla and the old gods from german soldiers / leaders in ww2 . hitler mentioned valhalla in a speech if i recall .
2 i spoke to a dude who says a lot of atheist soldiers joke around about going to valhalla , that it seems appropriate when religion is brought up amongst soldiers	a lot of the nazis actually adopted the ancient germanic religion because they disliked christianity as both jewish and wussy with all its support for the meek , the peace-makers

1 this july we will get to see the first ever detailed images of pluto .	i saw the trailer . it turns out it's made from cheese . oops . spoiler .

1 crows are amongst the most intelligent of birds , and are even capable of imitating human speech .	" snow ! snow ! "

1 william franklin , son of benjamin franklin , remained loyal to the british crown throughout the american revolutionary war ; he never spoke to his father again	also , the grandson of benjamin franklin , [ benjamin franklin bache ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benjamin_Franklin_Bache_(journalist\) ) , founded the newspaper the aurora . bache , would mercilessly criticize george washington
2 wow , i've never heard about that guy . i wonder if he new washington had a decent shot at kingship for a time .	http://i.imgur.com/FrbreXR.jpg back in the day when criticizing the president was more than frowned upon .

1 bob ross from " the joy of painting " was a us air force drill instructor . after he got out he vowed " never to scream again "	i've been watching bob ross youtube videos now for 30 minutes ... dammit . edit : i don't even paint . but it looks easy and fun . but i

1 consuming a polar bear's liver will kill you because of it's toxic levels of vitamin a	how much can you eat before it kills you ?
2 vitamin a overdose does not kill you just makes you temporarily blind .	this . you end up being able to see so well that you can only see the back of your head .

1 on 5 march 1945 , a gurkha soldier in the british army calmly stood up in open sight and killed a sniper pinning down his company before going on to	the thumbnail makes him look like hes wearing a tilted cap

1 there are more slaves today than at any point in human history .	well , it kind of makes sense really ; our population is the highest than in any point in human history note ; i am not condoning slavery , i

1 german interrogator hanns scharff was against using physical torture on pows . he would instead take them out to lunch , on nature walks and to swimming pools , where	i still believe that even if germany carries the historic guilt of nazism , not all examples are bad , and this is one heck of a different country now

1 in 2007 msnbc reporter mika brzezinski refused to read a report about paris hilton's release from jail choosing instead to report on more important political news . when her producer	just the opposite of that clip that john oliver showed where andrea mitchell cut from an interview with jane harmon regarding iran to breaking news that justin beiber had been
2 i saw that and was really disappointed . i expect so much better from andrea mitchell .	do you actually think andrea mitchell decides what she covers on-air ?
3 i would expect her to have issues with this , and put her foot down . she's the one who ends up looking stupid to the masses , not some	that's not the way it works though . real life is different than whatever made up illusion of how tv news work . news hosts have " handlers " that

1 laurence fishburne cut all ties with his daughter after she started doing hardcore porn .	laurence fishburne married gina torres
2 yeah they married while she was on firefly which is why she isn't in much of ' out of gas ' .	what do you mean , the character gets injured , she is there in the beginning and the end , and she is in the flash backs . are you

1 weird al intended to parody the beatles " free as a bird " on his album bad hair day . paul mccartney gave permission for the parody , but since	saw all those rejected songs in concert . he basically did them as a montage of just one or two lines per song . they were all fun , but

1 knife manufacturer , victorinox , claims never to have had to lay off an employee . to avoid this they set aside profits during boom periods to supplement recessionary periods	[ shameless repost ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2emgz6/til_knife_manufacturer_victorinox_claims_never_to/ )

1 anthony bourdain , after trying such delicacies as sheep testicle , seal eyeball , and cobra , said the most disgusting thing he's ever eaten was a chicken mcnugget .	mcnugget + sweet and sour sauce is fuckin amazing . only thing i'll eat from mcdonalds .
2 i used to dip them in honey when i was a kid	i still do . also delicious on any kind of fried chicken .
3 everyone i know knocks this ... until they try it .	it's even better if you mix cayenne pepper in the honey first .

1 mercury use in hat-making , which causes " mad hatters disease " , was banned in france in 1898 , however the practice continued in the us until 1941 ,	profits over people . somethings never change .

1 according to the democracy index ( created by a business within the economist group ) , only 25 countries are full democracies . 53 are flawed democracies , 36 are	i like how sandwiched between authoritarian russia and china , you've got flawed democracy mongolia .
2 there's only 2 million ppl and it's poor ( i think ) , so i would've thought there isnt a lot of incentives to be authoritarian .	3 million actually i think , but that's still only half a person per square lightyear .

1 in 1976 a film crew went to the haunted house in a california amusement park to shoot footage for a popular tv show . they discovered a hanging body that	that's all very good but why is there a picture of frank lampard jr ?

1 the vin diesel film " a man apart " was originally titled " diablo " , until they were sued by blizzard entertainment for infringement on the game's name .	lol doesn't diablo mean demon or devil ... so blizzard owns the devil ?
2 america is an english speaking country , so there's an argument to be made that " diablo " is more strongly associated with the video game than the spanish word	the us does not have a national language . your argument would not hold up in court .

1 lego has no military related sets because the inventor's policy was to not want to make war seem like child's play	to this day i still remember my mother's disappointed look when she saw the lego concentration camp i had created as a child .
2 but it was a whole set ! how could she be upset if you were just following the instructions ? http://raster.art.pl/gallery/artists/libera/libera_lego.htm	well one set was purchased by the jewish muslim living in new york .

1 in the process of trying to catch serial killer andrei chikatilo , soviet police ended up solving more than 1000 unrelated crimes , including 95 murders and 245 rapes .	the most interesting thing about this case is that they caught him years before they knew . they tested his blood and it was type a and the seamen on
2 you can usually find blood type by your semen . feels like i should've known this already .	lemme taste yours and see if i can guess your type .
3 well ... i mean maybe ... i dunno how you are going to taste it though unless you were nearby .	you can mail it in a zip lock bag . that will keep it fresh

1 brown bears can run at nearly 30 miles per hour ( 48km / h ) , and that is roughly the same speed as a galloping horse	we're already dead .

1 section 265 of the constitution of the state of mississippi declares that " no person who denies the existence of a supreme being shall hold any office in this state	it is an example of a ' blue law ' , or a law that isn't removed for traditional / historical reasons ; yet can't be enforced . same thing

1 back when the nyc subway used tokens , people called " token suckers " would jam token slots with paper and suck out stuck tokens with their mouths . to	token entry !

1 basque is a native language to europe , dating back to the stone age , being older than latin or greek , and has no related languages .	here is the language spoken : https://youtu.be/suK34prc56o
2 to my ignorant english ears , that sounds like a cross between spanish and italian , not a unique language separate from them .	that is basque spoken by a person who uses a strong spanish accent . it happens a lot in big cities , where there is many people that speaks mainly

1 christopher walken worked as a lion tamer as a teenager .	he prefers chris walken honestly

1 dr pepper is bottled by both coca-cola and pepsi , depending on location .	i mean , dr . p is that good of a drink , its only fair for the two main soda manufacturers to share the responsibility of making it .

1 according to 2007 research , seahorses are " promiscuous , flighty , and more than a little bit gay . " seahorses will flirt with as many as 25 potential	there is rampant prostitution among animals .

1 in 1996 , pinkerton ( weezer's second album ) was voted as the year's third worst album by rolling stone readers . six years later , the readers voted it	fickle consumers !

1 a neutron star is so dense that if an object was dropped from one meter above the star's surface , it would hit the surface at a speed of 7.2	that's one dense motherfucker
2 how dense ? " a normal-sized matchbox containing neutron star material would have a mass of approximately 5 billion tonnes . " fuck me that's dense .	thor's hammer is made of that stuff , right ?

1 " jesus " and " joshua " are the same name in greek . jesus christ means " joshua the annointed "	want to hear something else amazing ? hebrew letters have pictographic meanings .. and get this , the ancient hebrew name of god , yhwh , in its pictographic translation

1 coca-cola deliberately designed tab clear to fail , in order to tarnish the public perception of pepsi's rival clear soda and ultimately sink both products .	that's why they are bigger than pepsi , starbucks , red bull and budweiser
2 > that's why they are bigger than pepsi , starbucks , red bull and budweiser this clever response brought to you by yesterday's til and partners like you !	" do you even reddit bro ? " ekothree : " everyday bro "

1 in 1874 , a hunter killed an attacking apache warrior from 1,538 yards away using a rifle without a scope .	1538 yards = 1406 meters

1 some animals commit suicide because a parasite is " brain-jacking " them . one example is acanthocephala , which infects crustaceans , and forces them to swim to the water's	don't quote me on this , but i think theres a " zombie snail " parasite where it makes the snail get eaten by a bird which then poops it
2 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leucochloridium_paradoxum	and http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=EWB_COSUXMw because i cant edit my comment

1 after being caught by casino bigwigs and prosecuted in court the hyland card-counting team were acquitted of cheating after the judge found card-counting " was not cheating but merely the	people don't know card counting is legal .
2 it's just frowned upon . like masturbating on an airplane .	i think that's illegal too . thanks a lot , 9/11
3 bin laden *	george w . bush * open your eyes , sheeple

1 there are only 5 countries in the world that still use fahrenheit to measure temperature , the bahamas , belize , the cayman islands , palau , and the united	celsius is just as damned arbitrary as fahrenheit . in fact , metric is just as arbitrary as imperial , it just has the advantage of using powers of ten
2 > celsius is just as damned arbitrary who cares ? it's about using one system throughout the world , why don't you get it ? misplaced murican pride ?	really ? all " non-muricans " say it's superior for other reasons , which are bullshit . if it's about everyone using one system , why be so intellectual dishonest

1 billie piper ( the actress who played rose tyler in doctor who ) divorced from her wealthy husband , she opted not to claim any money from him , stating	billie piper .. the wet dream of my pre-puberty . i was 12 , and she was hot as hell . " honey to the bee that's you for me

1 castle stairs wound upwards and clockwise to give the advantage to right-handed defenders at the top	~ ~ today you would build them going the opposite direction to give the advantage to right handed soldiers with assault rifles . ~ ~ edit : never mind ,
2 i don't understand . you would still ( as a defender at the top ) need the stairs to go anti-clockwise so you can lean around . else your rifle	yea i was just playing bf3 and thought about that . spent the whole round running up and down the steps .

1 dr . pepper , was first served 127 years ago today , preceding coke by 1 year	that one year made dr.pepper so much better than all other colas .

1 a kick from an ostrich is able to disembowel a human with a single blow .	adding that to my list of ways i don't want to die ...
2 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Disembowelment#Transanal_evisceration found that in the article on disembowelment . it has a nice ring to it . transanal evisceration .	sounds like a cannibal corpse song

1 the show ' firefly ' has been permanently added to the international space station as a form of entertainment for the station's crews .	hear that , fox ? you will forever pay for your stupid decision .
2 some executive somewhere is still kicking himself thinking of all the money they could have made .	could they still bring it back ? it seems enough people would still watch it if they could get the actors back on board ? no ?

1 muskets , even in the hands of a highly trained infantry , can only fire 5 rounds every minute .	maybe not that fast , but when you have a few thousand soldiers with muskets the combined rate of fire would be high enough to compensate for this .
2 muskets won out because you didn't need to be highly trained to participate in a volley of fire . two thousand trained soldiers with muskets wouldn't be able to output	and even with volley fire , they were inaccurate as all hell until the rifled barrel was introduced .

1 the last words of alex the parrot to his caretaker was " you be good , see you tomorrow , i love you " .	i wonder if this is what my dog barks at me everytime i leave the house .

1 pistol dueling with wax bullets was a popular pastime in the early 20th century and even featured as a sport in the 1908 summer olympics	on a related note : why the hell isn't paintball an olympic sport yet ?
2 how does paintball do large spectator events ? it's not like you could do it with a stadium . even if you fully glassed-in the arena , splatters would obscure	they hang netting around the field .

1 during wwi , the belgian king personally led the army , the queen served as a nurse , and the 14 year old prince enlisted as a private and fought	don't forget prince andrew . he flew lynx's in the falklands ... and that was a mean little war

1 back when the nyc subway used tokens , people called " token suckers " would jam token slots with paper and suck out stuck tokens with their mouths . to	ohhh ! i thought this was about subway restaurants in nyc at first .

1 many of my favorite childhood movies , were the brain child of one man	dragon's lair and space ace ?
2 you didn't notice the similarity ?	it is too much epicness .

1 in the uk , there are road cameras that photograph cars . from the photos ' time stamp data , the average speed of any given car between two points	it's the average speed which is calculated , rather than the average velocity . edit : i stand corrected , thanks driveby 40 .

1 the obelisk located in the vatican's saint peter square was originally brought from egypt by caligula himself .	caligula sure was one wild and crazy guy .

1 there was an octopus in an aquarium that juggled its tankmates , smashed aquarium glass by throwing rocks , and caused short circuits by shooting a jet of water at	an octopus is an incredibly intelligent creature . they are constantly surprising us . i made sure not to use a plural form of octopus . it always starts a
2 its the only invertebrate at my school that you need to submit an ethics request to do research on . that's pretty cool !	why ?

1 for wayne's world the studio wanted to use a guns n ' roses track instead of queen's " bohemian rhapsody " but mike myers fought to feature the queen song	so now i'll go to my grave wondering what gnr song they had in mind , since there's no help on that here . either that or i'll wake up

1 on titan the atmosphere is so thick and the gravity so low that humans could fly through it by flapping " wings " attached to their arms .	isn't that called " swimming " ?
2 then where lies the difference between flying and swimming ? are fish but sea birds ?	birds are ' sky fish . '

1 oral sex was illegal in canada ... until it was legalized in 1969 .	and this is the 69th time this has been posted

1 famous mathematician paul erdos was once challenged to quit taking amphetamines for one month by a concerned friend . he succeeded , but complained " you've showed me i'm not	paul erdos was a meth-matician .
2 amphetamines and methamphetamine aren't exactly the same thing .	as someone who takes prescription amphetamines , to me its pretty obvious he was self-treating add

1 oral sex was illegal in canada ... until 1969 .	the 60s was a crazy time

1 nearly 200 years before turducken became popular , there was the rôti sans pareil : a bustard stuffed with a turkey-goose-pheasant-chicken-duck-guinea fowl-teal-woodcock-partridge-plover-lapwing-quail-thrush-lark-ortolan-bunting and garden warbler , the last being just	also that the cooking method used for the likes of these multi-stuffed , multi-meat , multimate concoctions is called engastration : when one animal is stuffed inside the gastric passage
2 lets hope animals never evolve to sentience or we might have to obscure our opulent cooking history .	our consumption of other species borders on an art form . * * humans # 1 terran species ! ! ! * *
3 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OcPqk-O-fD4 danger : humans	" a human once . * * ate * * . * a flying machine * . " that delivery was beyond perfect .

1 the comedy film my cousin vinny is often praised by lawyers due to its accurate depiction of courtroom procedure , something very rare in films which portray trials . it	this is one of my favorite movies and that scene is awesome

1 adam savage has expressed an interest in proving natural selection over creationism on mythbusters . and has been working on a pitch for discovery .	aren't natural selection and creationism independent concepts ? evidence of one doesn't necessarily disprove the other ( in theory both or neither could exist )
2 yeah , i'm one of those crazy creationists , and i don't know anyone that thinks natural selection is wrong .	by crazy , do you mean " young earth " ? only asking for clarity .

1 of maximilian kolbe , a priest in auschwitz who volunteered to die in the place of a stranger who cried out " my wife ! my children ! " .	" calm down my jewish friends , we'll all be seeing jesus soon in christian heaven . "
2 there were catholics in there too . lots of poles .	level of upvoted namby-pamby bulshit in this tread is astonishing . nobody will hear you , people here seems to understand only one kind of history , one reproduced by
3 unfortunately it seems many only associate the holocaust with jews , when roma , slavs , and many in poland suffered hugely . i too was surprised at the number	because what everyone ignores is that the holocaust was a project of full scale ethnic cleansing of anyone who did not fit hitler's racial ideals . it was an exercise

1 greek scientist eratosthenes was nicknamed ' beta ' because he was second-best in the world in almost every field	if i'm not mistaken , he is also where we get the " sieve of eratosthenes , " a fairly simple algorithm for finding prime numbers .

1 the green bay packers have sold out every game since 1960 and there are 86000 people on the waiting list	as a native wisconsinite , i can confirm this . my uncle has season tickets that he inherited from his wife's side of the family . that being said ,
2 inherited ? but aren't season tickets only good for one season ( one year ) ?	you go on a list and as long as you pay you get a tickets every year . my family has the milwaukee extension season tickets so we get about
3 oh ok . thanks !	you thanked all three people who answered your question . you're awesome .

1 the pontiac fiero is one of the safest cars ever made , despite being made with plastic body panels and having no airbags .	and despite catching on fire . i've seen one on fire a few years ago
2 . 07 % of the cars have had engine fire problems . that's a spectacular margin of error for a combustible engine .	that seems awfully low for how widely known the issue is . my father's 1985 fiero started spitting flames out of the hood . a year later the block cracked
3 the 4 cylinders were better than the 2.8 v6 .	every engine ever made was better than the 2.8 v6 .

1 home alone was no . 1 at the box office for 12 straight weeks and its theater run lasted from nov 1990 until the summer of 1991 , where it	buzz's girlfriend ... woof .
2 this is a reference to a scene from the movie " home alone " , mentioned in the title . [ the scene . ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Ws5pimN4mw )	buzz is the girlfriend . hah . appears to be the same actor .

1 paul mccartney dreamed the melody of " yesterday " one night and immediately wrote the music the next morning . he then looked around for a month to find out	my dad " wrote " you shook me all night long , note by note only to find out a week later that ac / dc already did that 20
2 i'm sure he was really excited about that particular arrangement of 1 , 4 , and 5 chords	as a guitar player this is reallyyyy funny .
3 as a guitar player who still has no clue what i iv v chords means , this is confusing .	i = the chord you start on iv = 4 scale degrees above i ( 5 frets ) v = 5 scale degrees above i ( 7 frets )

1 ghengis khan forbade the selling of women , theft of other's properties , decreed religious freedom , outlawed hunting during breeding seasons , and exempted the poor from taxation .	good guy genghis kh-what's that mr . khan ? you killed millions of people and raped so many women that a lot of people on earth today can call you
2 nobody's claiming he's a good guy . it's an interesting fact , that's all .	eh , considering reddits pants-tearing hard-on for the guy , i think some people might be arguing that .

1 andre the giant once drank 127 beers in a hotel bar , passed out in the lobby , and , because he was so large , no one could move	source : * the fabulous moolah : first goddess of the squared circle * ? seems legit .

1 the maximum possible salary in the wnba is $ 101,500 compared to over $ 20 million in the nba	to be fair the wnba doesn't make enough money to survive on its own w / out the nba propping it up . also , highschool basketball is more fun

1 about one of the strangest games ever played .	i would think it would be pretty easy to score a deliberate own goal , because there is no offsides rule and you'd have your own goalie trying to catch

1 disney rejected back to the future because the mother / son storyline was " not appropriate "	that's funny because just a few years after , disney released pretty woman . a movie about a prostitute who falls in love with a rich guy . that's family
2 not as bad as mother son loving .	most sane mothers love their sons very much .

1 a former italian porn star became a politician and continued to make adult movies while a member of parliament	> she renewed her offer to have sex with saddam hussein in october 2002 , when iraq was resisting international pressure to allow inspections for weapons of mass destruction ,
2 right - cause they were saving themselves for their 70 virgins !	seventy - * * two * * virgins .
3 the koran does not actually stipulate exactly how many virgins . it stems from a hadith classed as " gharib " meaning weak http://www.sunniforum.com/forum/showthread.php?29728-Hadith-of-72-Virgins	all right , but if they say seventy-two , then there's gonna be forty or fifty at * least * . i mean , even if they're way off it's

1 the queen is the only person in the uk who is not required to have a driving licence in order to drive	she doesn't need any id . not even a passport because she is the " issuer " of all ids . that is , it is her name that is
2 likewise if she committed a crime and went to court , it would be regina vs . regina .	v . we don't have vs . it stands for " and " .

1 contrary to popular belief , blackbeard never killed or tortured those he held captive . many of the misbeliefs were created by british propaganda and modern movie industry . source	didn't they include that in assassin's creed black flag ? whenever you meet blackbeard he is a great guy and he says that he puts on an act to terrify

1 rashida jones from parks and recreation became friends with tupac shakur after writing a letter in response to his remarks on interracial marriage . tupac was later engaged to her	impossible ! girl doesn't even know who ginuwine is !

1 when the original mortal kombat game came out , an audit menu listed error macros under the name ermac , leading fans to think there was a third hidden ninja	i think that capcom encouraged the rumors that sheng long was hidden in street fighter and midway encouraged the rumor of ermac to encourage more and more people to pour

1 in 2008 , warner music group was collecting over $ 5,000 a day ( $ 2 million a year ) in royalties for public usage of the " happy birthday	please excuse me while i go throw up .

1 : there is a game called desert bus . the objective of the game is to drive a bus from tucson , arizona to las vegas , nevada in real	i actually cover my hands with mustard , wait for it to dry , and then i have a snack for later after i get done playing videogames
2 just saw this in another but it involved pliers and nails .	you accidentally a word
3 * you accidentally forgot a word get it right if you're going to correct it for him , idiot .	you fail .

1 during wwii , a german and british aeroplane shot each other down in norway , and the crew met and then helped each other survive . two of them then	r / asseenonnetflix

1 home alone was no . 1 at the box office for 12 straight weeks and its theater run lasted from nov 1990 until the summer of 1991 , where it	when this movie premiered in theaters , i won two free passes to see it from a tv station .

1 in nordic countries , the client , not the prostitute , is guilty of the crime .	can someone explain to me why consenting adults should not be able to have sex with each other , money or not ?
2 because the prostitute is often not really consenting , but being forced by her pimp .	so why not make it legal so the prostitute would have no need for a pimp ?

1 members of the russian mafia would tattoo of lenin , marx , and engels on their chest or vital organs because firing squads could not shoot images of ussr's founding	so they just skinned them instead .
2 russians are the boltons of our world .	michael bolton the singer ?
3 no the it guy	about those tps reports ...

1 coca-cola deliberately designed tab clear to fail , in order to tarnish the public perception of pepsi's rival clear soda and ultimately sink both products .	if you're purchasing your soft drinks based on their colour and not on their flavour , you deserve to get stuck with a rubbish product .
2 color generally affects how you taste things .	this . presentation of consumables greatly alters the way in which you experience them .

1 the first native american who met the pilgrims at plymouth colony walked into their encampment and greeted them in english .	walk into plymouth like " what up , that is a big rock . "
2 nah , i ’ m just pumped , i brought some shit from the ship top .	faces green tinged , the sea so frothy . ' errybody like , " damn , that's one bold-ass colony . "

1 secr . of treasury andrew mellon raised federal revenue by lowering the tax rate : from 77 % to 24 % on the highest earners and from 4 % to	he also supported taxing " earned " income lower than " unearned " income which is , interestingly enough , the exact opposite of those who currently follow the idea

1 the guy who gets shot in the back of the car in pulp fiction was a voice actor in all of my favorite cartoons as a kid .	he was * jack ? * no wonder i've always considered this guy one of my more favorite actors .

1 since 1945 , all british tanks have come equipped with tea making facilities	just because we're at war , doesn't mean we have to act like savages .
2 there is nothing a cup of tea can't solve ... and we can always rely on the ol ' 120 millimeter 55 caliber l30a1 cannon if that doesn't work out	http://i.imgur.com/nFrYD.jpg
3 ah yes , i can confirm that they are using the wilkins & myerscough tp - 80a main battle teapot , with enhanced lid-grip for desert use . this teapot	here is the actual famed standard issue [ boiling vessel ] ( http://i2.photobucket.com/albums/y8/paulalderton/FV706656compressed2.jpg ) in all its glory .

1 dr . phil does not have an active licence to practice psychology , and the california board of psychology determined that he does not require one because his show involves	no matter how flat you make a pancake , you still caint dance in a canoe while that dog don't hunt .

1 : there is no evidence for the widely-held belief that the u . s . distributed smallpox-infected blankets to native americans . that notion came from one professor who fabricated	that is not what your source is saying . it's discussing controversy regarding one person's interpretation of evidence and never even mentions whether or not the events did take place
2 i was under the impression that it was the spanish , and not the americans who did the blanket thing anyway .	at the time , the people getting the blankets were the americans . the blanket givers were english colonists .

1 bear grylls is wrong . when dehydrated in a survival situation , you should not drink your own pee . it actually worsens the situation rather than being beneficial .	bear grylls has a pee fetish .

1 fiji water ran ad stating , " the label says fiji because it's not bottled in cleveland " . cleveland water dept responded by running tests comparing a bottle of	a lot of spring waters are going to have stuff like arsenic and iodine in it . it all depends on the geologic composition of where the source location is
2 yeah its very important to remember that arsenic can be a naturally occurring molecule . for example , apple seeds have arsenic iirc edit : cyanide not arsenic . arsenic	naturally occurring =/ = good for you .

1 many early depictions of jesus had him beardless and wielding a magic wand	and looked suspiciously a lot like voldemort

1 during world war 1 , feminists and suffragettes handed out white feathers to shame men into enlisting in the army and lobbied for instituting an involuntary draft of men ,	ah reddit , still stuck on ' feminists are eeeevil ' , are we ?

1 in george washington's farewell address , he warned about the dangers of political parties	this is like 6th grade history

1 there are only 5 countries in the world that still use fahrenheit to measure temperature , the bahamas , belize , the cayman islands , palau , and the united	even though the whole feet and inches thing is mad stupid . farenheit makes more sense to use so fuck all of you

1 in 2011 , when donovan mcnabb signed with the minnesota vikings , chris kluwe agreed to change his jersey number on the condition that mcnabb make a $ 5,000 donation	i've seen this as a til at least twice already

1 dana carvey had heart-bypass that was done incorrectly . he was awarded $ 7.5 million for medical malpractice which he donated entirely to charity .	hellz yea waynes world

1 at least 8 people in the united states have been killed by someone who is against abortion . there have been many more attempted murders , kidnapping , death threats	anti-abortion violence , sad but what can we do ? same with eco-terrorism .

1 the us drinking age was raised from 18 to 21 due to the efforts of mothers against drunk driving ( madd ) . they successfully lobbied congress to create a	they should've left the drinking age where it was , and raised the age for ( or flat out banned ) cigarettes . but then , i guess this would
2 cigarette should just become illegal honestly . how much research do we have that says they cause thousands of deaths a day ?	that worked really well for alcohol and marijuana . i bet it wouldn't cause a multi-billion dollar black market of murderous gangs selling tobacco . wait a minute ...
3 eh doubt it . there's only one smoker out of the 50 or so i have talked to that said the didn't want to quit because they thought the looked	thats one smoker out of 50 out of the millions of in the united states that doesn't want to quit is still a big number . also take into consideration

1 neil armstrong once sued his barber of 20 years after he sold his hair to a collector for $ 3,000	neil armstrong was probably pissed because his barber was a better businessman than neil was .

1 russia and usa are only 3.8 km apart at the nearest point	misleading . the straights are about 50 miles across . two uninhabited islands ( one of which is controlled by the us and one is controlled by russia ) are
2 actually , little diomede island has about 200 people living there .	no they're under 100 now .

1 in 1977 , an israeli cargo ship rescued 66 starving vietnamese men , women , and children , after their sos signals had already been ignored by 4 other countries	/ r / worldnews title : 1977 : zionists capture and starve 66 vietnamese women and children then brainwash them into becoming israeli .

1 bryan adams's hit " summer of ' 69 ' " is not about the year , but about the sexual position .	when you make all art about sex you miss out on a lot of life . one of the best songs i have ever heard is about the feeling of
2 the house that built me ? !	nah . the old apartment .
3 damn , thought i found a miranda lambert fan .	i'm here . i'm here !

1 walmart only sells clean versions of albums and if an artist refuses to make a clean version walmart will not sell it .	yep , well , do kids still buy cds ? this would've been a scandal a decade ago .
2 i was pretty shitty about this when i bought rob zombie's hellbilly deluxe there ... 15 years ago ... shit	tell me about it . i bought everlast's " whitey ford sings the blues " from wal-mart specifically so i could hear the uncensored version of the one hit off

1 there was a flying animal that was sometimes larger than a giraffe . meet quetzalcoatlus .	" sometimes ? "

1 in 1943 , after a worldwide search , a mouldy cantaloupe in a peoria , illinois market was found to contain the best strain of penicillin for mass production	this is the third or fourth time this week peoria has been referenced in various places in my daily life . either i'm experiencing a glitch , or it's a
2 [ could be frequency illusion :] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baader-Meinhof_phenomenon ) > the illusion in which a word , a name or other thing that has recently come to one's attention suddenly	that'd be it . thanks !
3 do a barrel roll	roger that !

1 a man was awarded the queen's gallantry medal for kicking a would-be suicide bomber in the balls during the 2007 terrorist attack on glasgow airport	smeato young team

1 frankie muniz ( malcolm from malcolm in the middle ) is now a drummer for kingsfoil and a professional race car driver .	kingsfoil ? are they any good ?
2 google is a thing now . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-BkEDEWl3k	that was disappointing .
3 that song is fantastic . and frankie is a great drummer .	as a drummer , he is alright at best .

1 taxonomically , modern-day birds aren't just descended from dinosaurs , but are considered to be dinosaurs .	have you held a chicken lately ? once you do , you will have no doubt this is true .. it's pretty amazing . check out their legs , their

1 until recently the navy communicated in all caps	don employee here . they still do . anything coming down from big navy is in all caps .

1 it takes approximately 6 % of a crowd to change the entire direction the crowd is traveling in	and by extension it takes only 6 % of reddit to down vote the crap out of a post
2 6 % of reddit is pretty damn much , no need for others to follow	6 % is over 500,000 people
3 > 6 % is over 500,000 ~ ~ people ~ ~ accounts i'm one person , but i count as at least 30 reddit users . * * edit *	unidan ! you're back !

1 famous ring announcer michael buffer has earn over $ 400 million from his trademarked phrase " let's get ready to rumble ! "	he also has a legal team named " the buffer squad " whose sole purpose is tracking down unauthorized use of the phrase .

1 both ' ketchup ' and ' all dressed ' potato chip flavours are only available in canada .	i have seen these in georgia , florida and new jersey .

1 the chinese philosopher zhuangzi first proposed the " matrix philosophy " after dreaming he was a butterfly . " now i do not know whether i was then a man	i wonder what kinda mushrooms he ate for breakfast that morning

1 charlie chaplin didn't think talking movies would last , telling a reporter he'd " give the talkies three years , that's all . "	well we shut him up .

1 jacklyn h . lucas , who joined the marines when he was 14 , stormed iwo jima when he was 17 , and is one of the few people in	i used to go to church with him . dude gave no fucks . he'd let you feel some of the shrapnel still under his skin if you were talking
2 he's dead ? oh fuck cancer .	it's insane how such a strong body would later attack itself , i know . fuck cancer . standing room only at the funeral . there was a speaker system
3 only thing that could kill him was himself .	" the only man that can kill barnes is barnes . "

1 when george washington passed away in 1799 , napoleon bonaparte personally gave a eulogy and ordered a ten-day requiem . in great britain , the entire royal navy lowered its	this right here shows how the us , france and britain will always be brothers .
2 absolutely :) so much shared history . ( funny thing about the napoleonic wars ( or at least the french revolutionary wars + napoleonic ) the us fought with the	maybe one day france and britain will join forces against the us , and the circle will be complete .
3 i wouldn't mind getting two more states	make them colonies .

1 david spade did not attend his close friend chris farley's funeral because he " could not be in a room where chris was in a box . "	a lot of people have given william shatner shit for not going to gene roddenberry , deforest kelley , or leonard nimoy's funerals , but i'm going to give him
2 shatner didn't go to nimoy's funeral because he had a prior obligation at a charity event .	this is the true reason . i was lucky enough to get to go to this event .

1 originally all humans were lactose intolerant , and those who aren't lactose intolerant are the ones with a mutation .	so ... evolution ?

1 bill nye went from an engineering position at boeing to a job as a comedian before ultimately becoming the science guy	and then he ended up as a total douche bag .

1 because of superstition surrounding the events of the movie the taking of pelham 123 , dispatchers avoid allowing trains to depart pelham bay park at 1:23 , am or pm	i remember seeing this in the movie theater . halfway through the film , my friend pulled a whole strawberry cheesecake out of her purse and began eating it .
2 this is inspiring me to pull some movie theater food shenanigans .	my girlfriend and i snuck chinese into desolation of smaug . that made the movie so good

1 kevin spacey personal life is so private that no one can confirm his girlfriend's identity .	isn't kevin spacey gay ?
2 a very good friend of mine in la said he personally saw kevin spacey roll into a party with a young guy on each arm .	i appreciate your username , but i don't believe your friend . i find it hard to believe he could do something like that without getting outed .
3 kevin spacey just murders anyone who talks , so nobody talks anymore .	kayser sögay

1 jeffrey dahmer , also known as the milwaukee cannibal , accidentally consumed the sedated drink that he made for his victim , fell asleep , and was robbed of 300	> on may 14 , 1990 , dahmer moved out of his grandmother's house and into apartment 213 , 924 north 25th street , taking the skull , scalp and
2 a day before i was born , i lucked out .	hey , me too !

1 ronald mcnair , one of the astronauts killed in the 1986 challenger explosion , brought his saxophone with him on that mission with the intent to record the first original	o-rings hate original music .

1 quentin tarantino wanted to direct 007 ' s casino royale , set in the ' 50s , in black and white and starring pierce brosnan .	say bond , say bond one more time ! i dare you ! !
2 do you know what they call a quarter pounder with cheese in france , mr . bond ?	casino royale with cheese .

1 michael jordan said the greatest part of playing for the us olympic team was " learning the weaknesses " of his teammates for when they returned to the nba .	that's another example of what a supreme cold blooded competitor mj was .
2 yeah no kidding ... he is still my favorite basketball player of all-time , and no question the greatest in my opinion . but the more i learn about him	he's a dick , no doubt about it . but damn he was good .

1 consuming asparagus affects the smell of urine , but only 22 % of the population have the gene to smell it	so i'm the only person in this thread who can't smell it ... i kinda feel left out ):

1 during a lecture , an oxford philosopher made the claim that although a double negative in english implies a positive meaning , there is no language in which a double	you see , this is the kind of thing i'd think of in the shower later that night . fuckin ' witty oxford professor makin ' me feel all inadequate
2 except that the oxford professor is correct . there is nothing in the language of " yeah , yeah " that implies a negative ; it is the * tone	so you're saying it doesn't work in print ? like on reddit .

1 the us suppressed a 1995 who study which proved that occasional cocaine use causes no physical or social problems . we only know it thanks to a 2009 wikileak .	just a minor title correction , studies , especially in psychology never " prove " relationships between x and y . they only show evidence or support for the relationship

1 clint eastwood is a lifelong jazz enthusiast , pianist , and scored several films , including million dollar baby	his movie , * bird * about charlie parker is pretty good .

1 a man renovated a three story hotel specifically to kill people . it included stairways to nowhere and a maze of over 100 windowless rooms . he killed as many	i read that article . then i was curious about the " murder castle " , so i googled it . then i came across [ this ] ( http://www.chicagounbelievable.com/2012/10/the-murder-castle-ghost-audio.html

1 shooting on " no country for old men " had to be shut down because of the smoke clouds drifting over from the nearby set of " there will be	ladies and gentlemen ... i've traveled over half our state to be here tonight . i couldn't get away sooner because my new well was coming in at coyote hills
2 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9ClsOQdlUE	that was fucking great

1 during the holocaust , kazimierz piechowski , a polish inmate at auschwitz , took part in a daring escape from the camp along with three other prisoners . dressed in	one does not simply " drive " out of a concentration camp .

1 the oldest living person smoked cigarettes from the age of 21 to 117	i think her not having a diet of fast food as she was growing up as a kid into a young adult might have contributed to her prolong life .

1 just finished one of my all time favorites : sola . if you haven't watched it , do so ! ! !	do it . this is a beautiful anime , and deals with a couple of emotions that most people will never experience . i've rewatched this at least 3 times

1 the pc game tie fighter , primarily a space combat simulator , enjoyed a remarkably positive critical reception after its 1994 release , as well as garnering acclaim in more	i played that game so damn much , it was awesome indeed !

1 dr . pepper is the oldest soda still selling in the us . it predates coca-cola by 1 year .	i'm related to the pepper's of virginia . our family story , as i am told , is much different than the official one though .

1 comcast has the lowest customer satisfaction level of any company or government agency in the united states . including the irs . also , cable is the only industry to	can we just come together in one of our stereotypical reddit witch hunts and crush them altogether ? ccast 2012 .

1 the show ' firefly ' has been permanently added to the international space station as a form of entertainment for the station's crews .	oh boy , here comes the firefly circlejerk .
2 some folks are a mite touchy when it comes to speaking truths about firefly .	you mean pointing out how cheesy the entire presentation is on top of the bad acting ? very overrated show . bring on the downvotes .
3 i'm only down voting you because you said bring in the down votes .	it is standard operating procedure for me as well . also , anytime someone writes an edit crying about down votes , that is an automatic down vote as well

1 only 22 % of the population have the autosomal genes required to smell the odor that asparagus gives urine .	asparagus gives you vivid dreams when eaten with stilton cheese before bed .

1 cartoon network strongly defended aaron mcgruder when al sharpton called out the boondocks for it's portrayal of mlk jr .	i'm really glad to see the boondocks on the front page of reddit . in my opinion , its really underrated . mcgruder has got some big cahunas for going
2 hopefully we will be getting a fourth season soon . last i heard it was " in the works " .	i know at least one voice actor who has tweated recently about working on the new season .
3 who ?	rob paulsen . don't know if he is doing the same character again but he was the bob ross art teacher in season 1 episode 12 " riley waz here

1 a hacker leaked half life 2 ' s source code and maps pre-release . in order to catch him , gabe tricked the hacker into thinking valve wanted to hire	you just now learned this ? are you 13 years old ?
2 this is reddit , so yeah , he probably is .	how do you know ? are * you * 13 years old ?

1 the tv show dexter has been linked to two murders that wanted to copy the character dexter morgan	> andrew conley said the show inspired him to strangle his 10 - year-old brother . in an affidavit filed in ohio county court , police said andrew stated that
2 don't take it personally . nobody likes soggy cereal .	oh no ! the soggies !

1 the snl jeopardy sketch was created by norm macdonald purely so that he could show off his burt reynolds impression .	" * it's a very odd thing with hollywood , where you do stand-up , you're good at it , then they go , ' how would you like to
2 " all right , you're a cook - - can you farm ? "	yay mitch .

1 george washington is the only president to have received 100 percent of the electoral votes	so not even his opponent voted for himself ?
2 you should probably go teach yourself what the electoral college is .	sorry i'm not american , in my country the president gets elected if he get's 50 % + 1 votes . i have never heard of electoral college before .
3 it's a republic . we don't vote directly for the president , we have elected representatives who vote directly .	i had no idea until today

1 the seal of the city of atlanta features a phoenix because it is the only major american city that's been completely destroyed by war . it was burnt to the	we get yankee tourists visiting specifically to see our " beautiful antebellum architecture . " do ... do you not know what happened ?
2 go bulldogs ?	no . this is atlanta . go tech .

1 wasabi has been researched as a fire alarm for the deaf . when tested , the subject woke up within 10 seconds of the vapor being sprayed in his room	i don't even wake up from my fire alarm that fast and i have great hearing .
2 yeah man , if you dont see the fire then you dont have to rush .	what if you * started * the fire ?
3 we didn't light the fire . it was always burning	since the earth was turning .

1 mr . t's gold chains were taken from the people he beat up as a bouncer ; he wore them openly so they could come back to get it .	> his wearing of gold neck chains and other jewelry was the result of customers losing the items or leaving them behind at the night club after a fight .
2 yes , i actually learned this fact from a friend a couple days ago , and that was how it was described to me . i linked the wiki for	* did not come back for that there stuff . *

1 spaghetti marinara wasn't invented until the new world was discovered , since tomatoes came from the aztecs . before that , pasta was eaten plain with no sauce ... with	in addition to tomatoes , chocolate , vanilla , tobacco , peanuts , potatoes , maize , squash , turkey and rubber were all new world acquisitions . edit :
2 food must have really been terrible before the new world . there are so many italian dishes that call for tomatoes .	humans adapt . you'd just be used to it , and it would taste good .

1 andrew johnson was buried with a copy of the us constitution under his head serving as his pillow	it's a shame he never read it . ( he is generally hated )
2 > ( he is generally hated ) i'm not from the us and know nothing about the guy , but will now base my opinion of him entirely on your	when trying to sound smart in front of friends , be sure not to confuse him with andrew jackson , who is generally loved .

1 if finding nemo was real , when nemo's mum and siblings got eaten , nemo's dad would have developed female gonads and formed a breeding pair with nemo .	my life is a lie

1 a canadian man was told by a superior court to continue paying child support for twins despite a dna test proving they weren't his .	consider this : a couple adopts a child . 10 years later they get divorced . neither parent is the biological parent . should either have to pay child support

1 a 20th century execution practice involved women urinating directly into the mouth of a captured soldier until he drowned .	better to be pissed off than pissed on .

1 arlo guthrie's most famous song , " alice's restaurant massacree " , is exactly the length of the suspicious gap in nixon's watergate tapes .	plot twist : its nixon singing the entire alices restaurant massacree with full orchestration and five part harmony and stuff like that and all .
2 with feeling .	singin a bar , then walkin ' out . friends ... they may think it's a movement .

1 the first four canadian soldiers who lost their life in afghanistan was due to a american f18 dropping a bomb on a training exercise in the belief that the canadians	i don't know why you didn't link directly to the page about the incident , but here it is : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tarnak_Farm_incident absolutely tragic .
2 lesson learned : don't go out , at night , onto a former taliban stronghold and shoot big guns when us fighter jets are above you .	or , identify your target

1 the parents in ferris buellers day off met onset and actually got married after filming	and the principal was a pedo . everything worked out perfectly .
2 charlie sheen went on to some great douchebaggery .	he made a movie called " the wraith " the same year . you will never be sad that you watched it .
3 random ass segue : com truise remixed foe's " handsome stranger called death " and made a video for it and it's based on the wraith : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EAHo7H2ZkNc	props to a fellow com truise fan .

1 one of the few american pilots to shoot down a japanese plane at pearl harbor did so while wearing his pajamas and flying an obsolete plane .	i watched that documentary this morning too , instead of the firefly marathon . where's my karma ? !

1 american cheese cannot legally be sold as cheese in america	it's important to link to the relevant section of the wikipedia article , and not to a non-relevant section below what you're trying to get people to see .

1 the 2008 film ' rambo ' provided a huge morale boost to the karen freedom fighters in burma , who even adopted dialogue from the movie ( most notably "	that movie was fucking brutal in the best way
2 stallone needs to direct more action movies . he's really good at it .	something something expendables
3 i thought those were meant to be bad .	first one was fun . second really killed my erection , and the third i have no interest in whatsoever .

1 justin bieber's mother , pattie mallette , was a thief and drug dealer , before she tried to kill herself by throwing herself in front of a truck . she	she just fell into pregnancy ... nothing happened before that , like , sexual intercourse maybe ?
2 is op saying he's the second coming of jesus ? ?	the maple christ

1 hitler hid his relationship with eva braun because he believed that he was sexually attractive to women and wished to exploit this for political gain by remaining single , as	jfk took the exact opposite approach .
2 and they both worked ... maybe it's just the power .	correct

1 during argentina's dictatorship , opponents to the regime were drugged , flown out over the atlantic , and pushed out of planes alive with weights attached to their feet so	my great-grandfather was an oss operative stationed in buenos aires during this time and he and his family were chased out of the country .

1 for wayne's world the studio wanted to use a guns n ' roses track instead of queen's " bohemian rhapsody " but mike myers fought to feature the queen song	excellent !

1 a german knight named gotz von berlichingen lost his hand in 1504 , and had it replaced with a mechanical iron prosthetic . it was capable of grasping everything from	any techs here that can explain to me how the mechanical iron hand works ?

1 if you turned the rubik's cube once every second it would take you 1400 trillion years to go through all the configurations . if you had started this project during	14 billion < 1400 trillion .
2 who says 1400 trillion instead of 1.4 quadrillion , anyway ?	only people who don't say 14 hundred thousand thousand hundred hundred hundred thousand

1 the first canadian man put on trial for homosexuality was given a choice between the death penalty or becoming the permanent executioner . he chose to become the executioner .	okay , reddit : what would * you * do ? i'd become the executioner . if it didn't work out , i would a ) kill myself privately using
2 i imagine it would be pretty easy to disappear in 1648 , decent chance something kills you but also decent chance you just settle in a new town	you died of dysentery
3 maybe you could caulk the wagon and float across .	flex seal ! its a handyman in a can ! !

1 the futurama episode " jurassic bark " was nominated for a primetime emmy for " outstanding animated program " and lost ... to an episode of the simpsons .	no loss for the creator . he made both series .
2 i like how we can describe matt as " the creator . " that's an ominous title !	when you do things right , people won't be sure you've done anything at all .

1 the word " honeymoon " originated from the tradition of giving newly weds a month's supply of mead on their wedding night	mead * is * making a comeback ...
2 as a novelty . there is a reason it went out of style .	what's the reason ?
3 hangovers and caloric density . a pint of mead would have about the same number of calories as a modest dinner ( 700 calories )	i don't know about you but mead doesn't give me hangovers . i can get hammered on the stuff and just feel slightly tired the next day .

1 coca-cola deliberately designed tab clear to fail , in order to tarnish the public perception of pepsi's rival clear soda and ultimately sink both products .	this shit is long past ridiculous .

1 in 1999 , james saville was arrested and charged with plotting to kill maricopa county sheriff joe arpaio with a pipe bomb . saville was acquitted four years later when	never go to arizona , problem solved . theres nothing there anyway .
2 from az , we have just as much as every other state , just a retarted sheriff running maricopa county .	arizona is shit . it's a hot , sweaty , sandy vagina . you're delusional and you should feel bad .
3 so basically you're saying your troll and a pussy because you cant handle a little heat and sand ?	the vast majority of sane people , given the choice to live in sand or not , would chose not .

1 , prior to world war i , sharpshooter annie oakley was touring europe . by his request , she knocked the ash from a cigarette being held by german emperor	op , the title here has a grammatical error called " anticipatory reference , " which is when you put the pronoun before the antecedent . that is , you
2 these kind of dangling modifier errors drive me absolutely crazy . if there were ever grammar rules that truly mattered , this is one of them .	never forget commas .

1 the man who wrote what is considered the first significant self help book in 1859 , samuel smiles , is the great-great-grandfather of bear grylls .	someone should leave a comment that doesn't get downvoted
2 you were the chosen one .	[ * the chosen one .. * ] ( http://www.oentertainment.com/InsaneO/KungPow/imagegallery/1PowFrames/ChosenEyeballs.jpg )

1 samuel l . jackson's performance as a crackhead in 1991 ' s jungle fever was so acclaimed that the " supporting actor " award was created just for him at	> samuel l . jackson had just undergone treatment for drug addiction and had only two weeks from his discharge from rehab to the start of filming . jackson has
2 meth acting	meth head acting

1 the us army during wwii developed a grenade the same size and shape as a baseball , to make it more effective for the soldiers who had grown up playing	is that why germans had one that could be thrown like a beer [ bottle ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Model_24_grenade ) ?
2 i read somewhere that the germans designed the grenade like that because a lot of germans had trouble throwing normally	its an offensive grenade , designed so that it can be thrown a long distance .
3 as opposed to the less effective tactic of dropping the grenade where you stand and running away from it .	thanks , i just coughed my drink all over my computer screen .

1 the last airbender received 5 awards : worst picture , worst director , worst screenplay , worst supporting actor , and a special award , " worst eye-gouging mis-use of	you have been invited to lake laogai .
2 i saw in a comment section elsewhere that reddit pretends that this movie never existed , which got my curious and google'd it and found this . it was an	they would've done a million times better to simply fund a full-version animated film from the original creators , instead of this god-awful atrocity which butchers the first season of
3 well the guy who voiced uncle iroh died ... it wouldnt be the same love that character edit : mako iwamatsu , he is known for his acting role as	i really wonder whether norio wakamoto could have done the job . it wouldn't be the same , granted , but it seems to me like waka could have done

1 since ronald reagan , each outgoing united states president has left a private message on the oval office desk for the incoming president on inauguration day .	jet fuel can't melt steel beams .

1 chevy chase escaped the army draft by falsely claiming he had " homosexual tendencies " .	the idea of a draft becomes more and more abhorrent once you realize why we've gone to war in most cases . ( see smedley butler )
2 instate a mandatory draft , but require all of congress's children to enter the military . then maybe they will think harder about sending us to war .	pshh , yeah right . they'll wear it as a badge of honor . think about all the politicians whose kids * are * serving overseas , or have in

1 krusty the clown was designed to look / act like homer . ironically bart worships krusty , who is exactly like his dad , but famous .	[ the short they are referring to ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=soT3NxdA4uY )

1 a 60x homeopathic dilution would require giving 2 billion doses / sec to 6 billion people for 4 billion years to deliver a single molecule of " medicine " to	i get pissed every time i see occillococinum on the shelf , especially the child version
2 well you can't having them taking the * adult * version .	yeah , it wouldn't be strong enough .

1 the year 1816 was referred to as the " year without a summer " due to global cooling from a volcano eruption the year before . snow fell in july	checkmate climate change alarmists !
2 it was 200 years ago and was caused by a volcano .	* whoosh *

1 christian , judaic , and islamic texts all ban interest on loans	i'm a christian finance major . oh well , too late to turn back now .

1 amish men are forbidden from growing mustaches because they are associated with militarism and the amish are strict pacifists .	western men are forbidden from growing little mustaches under their nose because it is associated with hitler and nazis .

1 pornstars make $ 1,200 for a normal scene , $ 1,600 for certain others , $ 2,000 for one .	and that one is called " the money shot "
2 you didn't read the article , did you ?	shut up . i'm trying to be funny .

1 in ancient athens , a beautiful courtesan named phryne was put on trial for a capital crime . her defense , in the most well-known story of the event ,	except it says that it didn't actually happen ...

1 the record holder for most survived lightning strikes , at 7 , was struck while operating a truck , inside a ranger station , on two separate occasions after running	that guy's actually pretty badass .

1 , prior to jaws ( 1975 ) and star wars ( 1977 ) , summers were considered the " graveyard season " for movie releases	imho it still should be . it's summer , go outside !
2 i know ! i wish that all the great movies came out during the winter . i wouldn't be so depressed , because winter is freaking depressing ! ! and	i think james cameron knew this . titanic and avatar were both supposed to come out in the summer , but they got moved to december where they faced no
3 correlation does not imply causation .	of course not , but i'm certain that the december release date contributed to the success since avatar did not have to face the competition that other summer blockbusters face

1 since ronald reagan , each outgoing united states president has left a private message on the oval office desk for the incoming president on inauguration day .	" the aliens are real " .

1 the iconic ' blue marble ' photograph of the earth was originally oriented with the south pole at the top . however , the image was turned upside-down to fit	and as always , thanks for watching .

1 after jfk was assassinated , there was a brief scuffle between local and federal authorities when the president's security detail wasn't allowed to remove his body from the hospital .	secret service helped facilitate the assassination , they pulled protection off jfk

1 most bamboo species flower only once every several decades , but when they do , all of the bamboo from the same group flower at the same time , regardless	and it causes massive famine . really interesting stuff .
2 it is supposed to be very beautiful but it is considered one of the worst omens in most eastern cultures . after they flower all the trees die and there	you can stall the flowering by cutting down the bamboo canes . this leaves the rhizome intact , which quickly sends up new canes , but delays or entirely stops

1 upon his second defeat to alexander the great , king darius iii of persia offered alexander 30,000 talents ( 780 tons of silver , worth around £ 500,000 , 000	total war > civ
2 total war is apples to civs oranges	this . entirely different concepts . civilization doesn't allow you to control the individual battles , if it did a game would take * forever * . it's a much

1 kangaroos in australia were responsible for crop circles after consuming opium and hopping around in circles .	from the comments in the bbc article : > i have seen a stoned wallaby but i don't know about them making crop circles . the one i saw was
2 it's even more fun when you say it in an australian accent .	> ˙ ʇuǝɔɔɐ uɐılɐɹʇsn ∀ uɐ uı ʇı ʎɐs noʎ uǝɥʍ unɟ ǝɹoɯ uǝʌǝ s , ʇi * * ftfy * *
3 it's even more fun when you say it in an australian accent . & #12494 ;( & #94 ; _ & #94 ; & #12494 ;) - - - let	these novelty accounts are getting out of hand

1 american cheese cannot legally be sold as cheese in america	so this is the single sliced pre wrapped stuff .. what about the crap you buy at the deli ?

1 while in the military mr . t was ordered to cut down trees as a punishment by a sergeant . he cut down 70 trees in 3 1/2 hours before	mr . t hates trees . :(

1 when rupert grint got his driver's license , he bought an ice cream truck to fulfill a childhood desire and gives out free ice cream to children .	nah thats just his excuse to feed on fresh souls

1 chef paul prudhomme was struck by a . 22 - calibre bullet while cooking at a golf tournament , he thought it was a bee sting and kept on cooking	here is the relevant text from the wikipedia article : > in march 2008 , prudhomme was grazed by a . 22 - calibre stray bullet while catering the zurich
2 and yet i once got into a protracted argument with a redditor who insisted bullets retained a fatal velocity when falling straight down , despite himself quoting that they fall	some of the old-time black powder cartridges are only running twice that velocity , or even less , to kill . and that's out of the barrel , they're still

1 once out of office , president harry truman decided that he did not wish to be on any corporate payroll , believing that taking advantage of such financial opportunities would	my favorite harry truman quote : * " never kick a fresh turd on a hot day " *
2 " if you want a friend in washington , get a dog "	this guy must have been stepping in dog poop a lot
3 he grew up on a farm , so he was very likely speaking from experience .	damn , that's a whole variety of poops to step in .

1 in 1946 the united states offered to buy greenland from denmark for $ 100,000 , 000	the reason why the tried to buy greenland was cause of " thulebasen " . and reason they wanted it , was so they were in firing range , of

1 the actor who played “ scotty ” on star trek , james doohan , was shot six times storming juno beach on d-day - 4 times in the leg ,	no he wasn't . he was shot that night by accident by a nervous canadian sentry . > crossing between command posts at 11:30 that night , doohan was hit
2 they put that in a scene of band of brothers too .	same circumstance , different guy .

1 the lion king game led to the creation of direct x	that game was hard as shit .
2 lion king was pretty rough . but i was a disney fanatic and beat it , aladdin , and pocahontas . i think pocahontas was the one that gave me	fuck yeah pochahotass got alladin , lion king , and that one when i got my genesis for christmas one year

1 teddy roosevelt once whipped a man he thought was wiping his nose with an american flag	i would be honored to be whipped by theodore roosevelt .

1 i learned a 17yo killed 4 people and injured 11 while drunk driving . the judge didn't send him to jail because he " was unable to understand the consequences	someone was watching bill maher tonight .
2 haha , yep . every friday .	i'd love to watch that , but every time i turn it on , i just want to punch bill maher in the face . not that i agree or

1 no physical clone trooper armor was ever produced for star wars prequels . every clone trooper was cgi .	and that's one of the reasons why the prequels sucked
2 you mean why the battles were awesome ! you didn't see anything on that scale in the originals with their puppets ...	the prequel battles were awesome . it was the acting / plot that was bullshit , not the battles .
3 yeah , but if they hadn't made it all cgi the battles woulda been lamer . don't blame the awesome cgi for the bad story .	the prequels didn't have the same ' feel ' as the original imo . i didn't like them because they didn't feel like star wars . that and hayden christensen

1 viggo mortensen's tattoos in eastern promises were so realistic that diners in a russian restaurant in london fell silent out of fear during production .	here is an interesting look at all of the tattoos seen in the film and what they mean : http://easternpromises.livejournal.com/47809.html
2 holy fuck , a lot of these tattoos reminded me of a brutal russian boxer . [ you can see him here and his tattoos ( a lot of which	i know nothing about boxing or mma . do you lose if you hit the ground in a certain manner ?

1 despite being the highest rated film on imdb , the shawshank redemption only grossed about $ 3 million more than its budget	this movie kind of sucks . so fucking boring .
2 your opinion is bad and you should feel bad .	it isn't an opinion , it is the truth . it is a boring movie . you can't refute that .
3 no , i can't refute that you find it boring . over the past 20 years , i've read the novella a half dozen times and seen the film twice	you must like boring things .

1 27 of the 30 oldest buildings in existence are in europe .	what about [ gobekli tepe ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gobekli_Tepe ) ? it's dated at 9000 bce .
2 it's on the page further down , listed under other structures . apparently it failed to qualify for the criteria of being a building : * 1 ) be a	i could maybe see it failing on the first count , but definitely not the last two . the pillars there are 19 ft . tall and the perimeter of
3 in the " other structures " section is also specifies that significant above-ground elements have to be more than just single large standing stones . [ [ link ] (	i guess it depends on whether you consider [ the walls between the stones ] ( http://static.environmentalgraffiti.com/sites/default/files/images/http-www.ahrtp.com-EG-Images2-Turkey-gobekli-tepe04-02-opt600x386.jpg ) to be significant .

1 a magical negro is a plot device used in american fiction where a black stock character offers his or her wisdom , insight , or magical powers to help a	lenny kravitz and the black girl in hunger games . their characters had no conflict ; they wanted nothing but to help katniss . cinna ( lenny ) could create

1 when genghis khan sent a trade caravan to the khwarezmid empire , the governor of one city seized it and killed the traders . genghis khan retaliated by invading the	metal as fuck
2 > according to legend , genghis khan even went so far as to divert a river through the khwarezmid emperor's birthplace , erasing it from the map . seriously metal	jesus christ that man knew how to handle a grudge effectively .
3 hard to say what his motives for the attack was . i think he was trying to send a message out . you just don't steal from the khan and	nothing says " don't steal my shit " like rerouting an entire river .

1 liv tyler has two rock star dads . until she was 8 , she was told that her adoptive father , rock legend , todd rundgren , was also her	paul rudd has my favoirte on going gag on conan . it gets me everytimg .
2 you commented on the wrong thread .	check the comment again bud , this time closer
3 god damn these novelty accounts .	holy shit , a two year old novelty account . a little bit disgusted , a little bit impressed .

1 the original playboy bunnies were required to be able to identify 143 brands of liquor and how to make 20 different cocktails as part of their job requirements .	they were waitresses .. all waitresses and bartenders should know these things . why do servers looks like a deer in headlights when you ask what beer is on tap
2 and you really think its completely the servers fault ? work for below min wage once or twice , see how much you learn about serving pricks all day .	below minimum wage ? isn't that illegal ? since it's you know ... * below * the minimum amount you're supposed to be paid ?
3 no .. that's what tipping is for in america .	no , tipping pays at least minimum wage by law . that servers can be paid less is indeed illegal , which is why raising their wage will do far

1 abba : the album was so popular that it drained all of poland's supply of foreign currency .	a friend from sri lanka said that his father went to europe in the 70 ' s and traded oil in exchange for abba albums . imagine that happening today

1 when the gulf war broke out , the canadian navy was forced to scour military museums for bofors aa guns to re-equip its fleet - the guns had been retired	i'm in the air force and we still scrounge parts for our aircraft from static displays and museum exhibits . the parts are sometimes better preserved than ones from supply

1 oreos in canada are made with coconut oil , which apparently gives them a different taste than their us counterparts .	relevant : paul lemieux tries to eat 100 oreos . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8zPCFDjYU0&feature=youtube_gdata_player

1 the queen is the only person in the uk who is not required to have a driving licence in order to drive	i've always liked the idea of a battered , number-plate-less land rover belting down the a1 with a bumper sticker that says " actually , i * * do *

1 at los alamos in 1945 and ' 46 , they used to push nuclear weapon cores to the point of criticality by hand , with a screwdriver as the only	someone watched dark matters and did and googled it .

1 back when the nyc subway used tokens , people called " token suckers " would jam token slots with paper and suck out stuck tokens with their mouths . to	if you're willing to suck a new york subway turnstile for tokens , there is an easier and safer way to get paid to suck .

1 charles schulz never liked the name " peanuts " which was forced upon him by his syndicate : " it's totally ridiculous , has no meaning , is simply confusing	i always hated it for exactly the same reasons ... it seems i have misjudged you mr . schulz .

1 lance armstrong owns a coffee shop called juan pelota cafe . juan is a homophone for " one " and " pelota " is spanish for ball .	i heard rumors that lance armstrong was kinda of an asshole in real life , especially in austin , texas . has anyone else heard these rumors or had personal

1 oral sex was illegal in canada ... until it was legalized in 1969 .	this was actually a necessity . oral sex was made illegal since socialized medicine costs were skyrocketing because of all the emergency room visits by people whose tongues had become
2 i am not sure which " shittyask " subreddit this comment belongs to , but it would definitely fit somewhere .	/ r / shittyaskhistorians

1 freddie mercury's powerful voice spanned over a four octave range .	maynard james keenan from tool / perfect circle / puscifer also has a 4 octave range and some more http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Singers_with_a_four_octave_vocal_range

1 during ww2 a mix of high explosive and flour was given to guerrillas fighting the japanese . codenamed ' aunt jemima ' , it could be safely cooked into pancakes	i originally read that as " was given to gorillas fighting the japanese " and i thought ' man ww2 was a lot cooler than i remembered ' .
2 the last thing the japs expected was a bunch of gorillas slinging pancake bombs	i dont know if its because i'm delusional from doing homework for 6 hours but i just lost it when that image entered my my mind

1 elvis presley flew to denver and back one night just to pick up a fool's gold loaf : an 8,000 calorie sandwich made from a hollowed out loaf filled with	dont forget the bottle of dom

1 only certain animals can recognize themselves in a mirror : humans , apes , dolphins , orcas , elephants , and european magpies .	interesting side note asian elephants can recognize themselves but african elephants can't http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2006/10/061030-asian-elephants.html

1 the woman who founded the american athiest organization and was found by life magazine as " the most hated woman in america " was brutally kidnapped and murdered along with	title was somewhat misleading , as her kidnapping and murder was centered around her wealth and the fact that the guy did it was completely batshit . it wasn't a
2 only because you assumed the first two facts were connected to the last two .	only because you structured it in a way to make it easy to make that assumption .

1 the " rib " in the biblical story of adam and eve may actually be a mistranslation of a euphemism for the baculum , a bone found in most mammals	i am a boner .

1 queen elizabeth ii of england is " addicted " to playing the wii and has her own specially made gold-plated console .	god damn it , for the millionth time ! england ! = the uk . she is the queen of the uk . anyway , the wii was a gift
2 we don't care !	how's obama , president of kansas , these days ?

1 the typical tax evader in the united states is a male under the age of 50 in the highest tax bracket and with a complicated return , and the most	in other news , the people with the highest incentives to cheat - cheat the most . they also cheat in the easiest way possible . i'm stunned .

1 in 2008 , warner music group was collecting over $ 5,000 a day ( $ 2 million a year ) in royalties for public usage of the " happy birthday	" you know what , from now on i'm only singing songs in the public domain ! " " that'll teach ' em ! " " i'm not kidding !
2 i only came to the comments to look for this . thank you .	also came to post bout sports night

1 it is appropriate to give a daughter the " jr . " suffix if she has the same name as her mother , aunt or grandmother .	nancy sinatra , jr . , approves .

1 prostitution was widely legal in the united states up until the early 1900 ' s , when the woman's christian temperance union lobbied against it . this was the same	i knew that , thanks to deadwood . " god rest the souls of that poor family ... and pussy's half price for the next 15 minutes . "
2 i need to watch this .	best dialogue of any show i've ever seen . ian mcshane's character is amazing .
3 is it on demand do you know ? i can't check currently .	it was an hbo show , so its available on amazon prime .

1 milton hershey being unable to have children founded the milton hershey school for orphans in 1909 . he donated 30 % of all future hershey profits . it now has	good man , and i will continue to like hershey's chocolate despite reddit's best efforts to associate it with " vomit " .

1 sid meier didn't include multiplayer in the original civilization game because " if you had friends , you wouldn't need to play computer games . "	that motherfucker . i am going to b2 the shit out of his hoplites .

1 the original idea for the episode , jurassic bark , was to have fry's mother fossilized instead of seymour , but this idea was scrapped after it was thought to	that episode and the one about fry's brother still give me goosebumps just thinking about them .
2 i think the luck of the fryrish is almost more sad than jurassic bark .	this episode makes me cry every time at the end .

1 radical british islamist preacher anjem " andy " choudary failed his first year university exams due to excessive partying .	i guess god was a little less willing than he thought .

1 there is a mysterious dwarf planet between mars and jupiter called ' ceres ' which has never been visited by spacecraft or photographed in detail , however , earth-bound telescopes	shit ! i * knew * i left the lights on !

1 i can't stand michelle rodriguez , but reading her own words re : her career makes me hate her a little less .	i don't understand why the internet hates rodriguez . she's an action star and she's good at it . the only problem is that her roles are often underwritten ,
2 > she's an action star and she's good at it . no , no she's not . she has one face and one emotion , grumpy .	well no shit , hence the type cast . and , if you read the wiki entry , she does it on purpose .

1 wendel clark was drafted a defenseman	no offence , but did not very many people know this ? i thought it was kind of common knowledge
2 i'm a relatively new leafs fan , i come from a family where cricket and soccer are no . 1 so and only became a leafs fan 2-3 years ago	welcome aboard man . you picked a pretty rough franchise to follow . they'll find new and inventive ways to disappoint you but despite this you'll never want to leave

1 during the siege of leningrad in wwii , 9 soviet scientists died of starvation while protecting the world's largest seed bank , refusing to eat what they saw as their	this man understood that the real enemy and greatest challenge facing humanity is famine and disease . he is a hero in the truest sense of the word .

1 snooki from jersey shore was paid $ 32,000 to speak at rutgers university . some students were upset and thought the money could have gone to a better speaker .	why have an uneducated simpleton speak to a university ?
2 well , andy samberg from lonely island also spoke on class day at harvard university , aren't some of those speeches just supposed to be fun ? but still yes	i don't think either of them are worth 32,000 for 30 minutes or whatever . what are they on ? it makes me so sick when people like her make

1 several hells angels members plotted to murder mick jagger after he called them out for fatally stabbing a black man at their free concert in altamont , california in 1969	this doesn't surprise me . bikers ( the ones who join clubs , not just anyone who owns a motorcycle ) are some of the least mature , and dumbest
2 how many bikers do you actually know ?	i'm assuming you don't know any neo-nazis , do you ? are you cool with the way they operate ?

1 over 90 % of fetuses diagnosed with down's syndrome in the uk are terminated .	this will get buried , but the implications of this stat are misleading . down syndrome testing is optional . most people know before the test whether they will terminate
2 exactly . i'm surprised it's only 90 % . i knew i wouldn't abort my kids no matter what , so didn't bother with prenatal testing . it carries a	of course there are benefits . even if abortion is not something you are willing to consider , if you're going to have a kid with serious special needs ,

1 in minnesota , the game " duck , duck , goose " is called " duck , duck , grey duck " .	i just found this out today , too ! i was talking to a friend and the sports team i work with was playing this game to kill time and

1 after a test preview for apollo 13 , an audience member said he hated the movie because it had a " typical hollywood ending " and that the crew should	i love how this perfectly encapsulates the meeting of ignorance and phony-intellectualism .

1 lindsay lohan was approached to star in the hangover . she declined because the screenplay ' had no potential '	she can go back to the penitentiary and get her potential her .

1 until 1977 , the nuclear launch codes were " 00000000 "	that's the equivalent of having your hotmail password be " password . "

1 the dream team of 1992 received death threats in barcelona . charles barkley walked around the city alone despite the threats , and when asked where his bodyguards were ,	" that shit is turrible ! "

1 even though lenin believed certain sexual practices to be immoral and bourgeois , the soviet union allowed them anyways because they didn't believe the government had to right to prevent	enough of these posts . hitler loved dogs and banned smoking blah blah blah
2 i too love dog . hitler ... me ?	i don't know what you are talking about ... my grammar was impeccable

1 the inspiration for the episode " bart sells his soul " came from an experience greg daniels had in high school when he convinced a bully to sell him his	run boy ! run for your life ! ... boy

1 cockroaches grown in space became quicker and stronger than their terrestrial counterparts	do you want to get zerg ? because that's how you get zerg .

1 when tobey maguire was in sixth grade , he dreamed of becoming a chef and asked his mother to sign him up for a home economics class . his mother	best spiderman ever . and no , i really mean that . his acting was more personal than anyone else i could imagine in that role .
2 i think the way i look at it is this : tobey maguire is a great peter parker , but just an alright spider-man . andrew garfield is an amazing	why should superheroes and their alter egos be played by the same actor ? especially when the super hero is masked .

1 the screenwriter of " cast away " deliberately stranded himself on an isolated beach for a week , to experience how tom hanks ' character would have to search for	willllsoooooonnnnnn i still have my wilson , do you ?

1 each letter in the english alphabet has an official word spelling out the letter . for example , " h " is spelled " aitch " and " y "	ayyyyyyy

1 the town fucking , austria ’ s only reported crime was theft of many fucking road signs . in ‘ 05 they were replaced with antitheft ones & cctv cameras	if you fucking name your fucking village fucking , you're fucking going to have to fucking expect some fucking problems .

1 norway gets 98-99 % of its electricity from hydroelectric power , more than any other country	the other 1-2 % is provided by thor .

1 dave grohl was the drummer for nirvana	are you fucking kidding me with this shit ? you just learned this ?
2 you know this is a joke , right ?	what's a " joke " ?

1 the reason bill hader often breaks character and cracks up while playing stefon on snl is that writer john mulaney changes the cue cards beforehand to catch hader off guard	anyone got clips for this ?

1 gamers , playing an online protein folding game , helped decipher the structure of an aids causing virus in 10 days ; it had remained unsolved by scientists for 15	in general , i think that this type of occurrence is a testament to why modern communication , especially the internet , will push us to our next stage of
2 what if ... we put the internet .. in our .. asses ?	ask me a fucking honest question

1 andre the giant once drank 127 beers in a hotel bar , passed out in the lobby , and , because he was so large , no one could move	: andre the giant was driven to school by samuel beckett , a nobel prize winner in literature .

1 when you sign up for the cvs rewards program you are agreeing to wave your hipaa rights , and cvs can then disclose your medical information to others	how is this legal ?

1 playboy refused to print richard thompson's list of best songs of the millennium because he took the task literally and chose songs dating back to 1068	today i found a sick new pandora station . thanks reddit

1 jodie foster was so fluent in french that she dubbed her own movies .	shouldn't this say she is fluent . not was ?
2 and why say " so fluent " ? you are either fluent or you are not . why is it that so many submission titles seem to have been written	* badly . ftfy

1 there have been nine different studies on dare ( drug abuse resistance education ) and all agree that the program does nothing or worsens the problem	drugs are really elves

1 lego has no military related sets because the inventor's policy was to not want to make war seem like child's play	i very specifically remember having wild west us cavalry sets as a kid . like this : http://img3.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20090904142352/lego/images/9/9f/6769_Fort_LEGOREDO.jpg
2 hey now , that's not * war * that's * genocide . * not even close .	lego castle knights , a classic set . you're insane if you think that's not war . weapons , helmets , shields ... soldiers .
3 most of those sets are knights vs skeleton / evil looking guys / demons . no ?	the old ones were not . it's history not war .

1 stalin hated his son yakov so much that when he failed to commit suicide by shooting himself stalin only commented " he can't even shoot straight . " during the	well he couldn't shoot straight . poor fella gets shit for being honest .

1 george clooney inquired about guest starring on south park . he was offered the role of stan's dog . he accepted , voicing several very good barks . jay leno	here i'm thinking this is common knowledge .

1 it's illegal for americans to buy cuban cigars , regardless of where they are in the world .	i broke a stupid american law in a foreign country when i traveled to england .

1 pee-wee herman is 60 yr old this year , even though he looks like he did 20 + years ago .	i check the closet everynight to make sure he's not lurking ... or muskrats ...

1 : the tv series " gargoyles " was voiced largely by former star trek cast members .	feeling nostalgic ? want to power through the whole story again ? only one way to [ find out ] ( http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0F1A09D1278BEF87 ) . * my apologies , this only
2 holy crap there are a lot of episodes .	i love the logic of the numbering . season 1 : 13 episodes season 2 : 52 episodes season 3 : 13 episodes

1 the bottom half of the world population owns 1 % of global wealth .	how is this a surprise to anyone ? considering how poor much of china and india are , as well as sub-saharan countries , why is anyone shocked to learn

1 chris farley was the original choice to voice the title character of the dreamworks animated film shrek , but died just before recording was finished . it's said approximately 80-90	none of these recordings have surfaced ... until now ? please ? ?

1 bill nye ( of the tv show " bill nye the science guy " ) wanted to be an astronaut , but was rejected repeatedly by nasa .	hey who wants to make sure bill gets to space ? lets get a petition going

1 roller coaster tycoon was programmed by one guy . in assembly .	there is a sound effect of a little kid laughing in that game . repeatedly . gets stuck in your brain . for the last decade , i have heard
2 for me , the words , " zug zug " is forever etched on my brain .	trollwithaxe

1 in 1948 a dc radio station asked ambassadors what they'd like for christmas . the french ambassador said " world peace " , the russian said " freedom from the	i always lol at how much the soviets latched onto imperialism as their boogeyman when they were , for all intents and purposes , an empire themselves .

1 the artificial sweetener sucralose ( splenda ) was discovered when a researcher misheard a command to " test this chemical " as " taste this chemical " .	i feel like that researcher was not very bright if they tasted unknown chemicals
2 you'd be surprised how often " fuck it , give it a taste " has lead to discoveries . sucralose , aspartame , msg , worcestershire sauce ... really ,	table salt makes no sense , then .
3 we had salt before we knew chemistry .	\ thread

1 during argentina's dictatorship , opponents to the regime were drugged , flown out over the atlantic , and pushed out of planes alive with weights attached to their feet so	read up on operation condor http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Condor this happened in several countries , not just argentina .
2 most importantly , it was funded and assisted by the cia and fbi . they go to a lot of effort to destroy , disrupt , and stop at all	thank you . this is the winning argument for " communism simply doesn't work " argument . it was never given a chance .
3 it had a chance in russia and cuba	in both of those countries communism wasn't the problem itself . it was corrupt government . do you think russia is doing much better these days with it's free market

1 the guy who snagged windows2000.com happened to be named bob and microsoft just happened to own bob.com . they came to an agreement to trade one for the other .	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=flP-o0ydkvo

1 of louis slotin , a scientist who died while working on the manhattan project . he accidentally dropped a hemisphere of beryllium on a plutonium core ; witnesses saw glowing	he looks like frank grimes .

1 one of the originally pitched names for hannah montana was alexis texas .	alaska nebraska
2 that is the name of 2 states ! you are doing it wrong !	janine rhode island
3 l'shorja georgia .	brianna indiana

1 jurassic park iv is finally being made	man , i hope the dinosaurs have feathers in this one
2 how great would it be if they went back and put feathers on all the dinosaurs in the original ? that'd be the funniest fucking movie ever .	that doesn't look very scary . more like a six foot turkey .
3 you know , if they went with the definition of what a velociraptor is considered today . they would be fighting turkey sized turkeys	actually , fun fact , when the first movie came out paleontologists discovered the utahraptor , which would have easily been the same size ( if not bigger ) .

1 wednesday is named after the god odin , and is derived from the old english name of the god : ' woden's day '	- lunes - - luna - martes - - marte - miercoles - - mercurio - jueves - - júpiter - viernes - - venus - sabado - - saturno

1 in the case of a female president , the male spouse is described as first gentleman .	i prefer " first laddy " .

1 in 1996 oprah winfrey was sued for causing $ 11 million in damages to cattle farmers simply for mentioning that she would not eat another burger after a show about	maybe i'm old , or just plain ' murican , but this was pretty big news in 1996 . even my 12 year old self was aware of this .
2 many til posts are major news stories from the 90s that current college kids were too young to remember .	it's almost like they learned something new and then posted about it in a sub reddit designed for just such a thing !

1 while filming " the passion of the christ " jim caviezel , the actor that played jesus , was struck by lightning along with the assistant director , who was	pop goes caviezel .
2 jim caviezel = jc jesus christ = jc ! ! !	oh my god jc a bomb !

1 bob hawke , former prime minister of australia , once held the world record for fastest beer chugging .	old news , all aussies should know this !

1 james may arranged the first letter of his articles so that when it was put side by side , it would say " so you think it's really good ,	not trying to be an asshole about it , but this was posted the other week .
2 this is posted every week	when i posted it , it said " last posted 3 years ago " . if you don't like it then you may down vote it .

1 a girl name genie was isolated from society at birth . when she was rescued 13 years later , she had the mental age of a one year old .	i clicked that link expecting to read for a minute or so but i wound up reading for at least an hour . wow .

1 the pirate party of germany petitioned for , and received , " pony time " - a 30 minute block where all members of the berlin state parliament must watch	are you sure it's for all of parliament , or just for the pirate party ?

1 despite spending $ 66.7 billion on f - 22 raptor program 6 of them crossed the international date line on their first deployment and all of their computer systems (	the f22 is a fucking piece of trash . it's pathetic and saddening to see one of the great air powers of the world be turned to nothing it's a
2 bro , the f22 isn't 30 years old . it's also one of the most advanced airplanes in the world .	preach it .

1 there is no evidence that gun control lowers crime rates .	in [ kennesaw , ga , every household is actually required to own a gun by law ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kennesaw,_Georgia#Gun_law ) ( although it's not heavily enforced ) . whether
2 it's unenforceable , because the law basically says " you have to own a gun ! unless you don't want to . "	even so , the law seems to act as a crime deterrent in its ability to * suggest * that all or most citizens of the town own firearms .
3 alternately , " every house in this town is nearly guaranteed to have a small , very valuable item in it , which is no threat to as long as	that's not true . i , for example , keep mine on my person when i'm not at home . if i can't reach the trigger , it really does

1 which one of these gpl ( gnu general public license ) matlab clones would you recommend ?	octave is pretty nice . but i guess that depends on your needs .

1 despite napoleon divorcing her so he could have an heir , his first wife josephine is the ancestor of 5 of the current royal houses of europe . napoleon is	napoleon also liked stank pussy . ask reddit is responsible for that which i cannot forget .
2 he was short enough to actually crawl inside a woman's butthole .	he wasn't short . that's a mix of english propaganda and the french inch being different than the english inch at the time . he was average height

1 in 1908 , herman " germany " schaefer became the only player in baseball history to steal first base . he was already on second .	who ?

1 venice island was built on a foundation of tree trunks . 1200 years later , those same trunks still support almost all of central venice .	i literally just learned this this morning while on a tour in venice . i'm a little freaked out .

1 andy murray was 9 years old and present as someone he knew came in and shot 17 people at his school , before committing suicide .	who's andy murray ?

1 dan aykroyd is a 4th generation spiritualist , his great-grandfather was a mystic , and his father wrote a book called " a history of ghosts . "	who ya gonna call ?
2 damn , i wish i had seen this thread 57 minutes ago .	for that precious 5 points of karma .

1 the scrubs episode which poked fun at multi-camera sitcoms won an emmy for " outstanding multi-camera picture editing " .	[ my life in four cameras ] ( http://movies.netflix.com/WiPlayer?movieid=70160145&trkid=3325854&t=Scrubs%3A+Ssn+4%3A+My+Life+in+Four+Cameras ) ( netflix instant ) edit : the " four cameras " does not start till about 11:30 ...
2 what if we don't have netflix ! ? just kidding , everyone has netflix .	netflix doesn't even service my country and i have it .
3 how ? or is this a joke ?	a chrome plugin called mediahint .

1 the song " chocolate salty balls " from south park reached # 1 on the uk singles chart	and i was one of the people that made that happen . bought from the woolworths in monk's cross , york . despite the fact i was 13 and it

1 courtney cox was the first person to say the word ' period ' in reference to menstruation on tv	... on us tv

1 hellen keller was a radical socialist .	fun fact , she's on alabama's state quarter . yeah , alabama of all places put a socialist onto us currency .

1 louis le prince , who filmed the first ever motion pictures , disappeared without a trace in 1890 . thomas edison soon took credit as the first and sole inventor	every time i come across edison on the internet it is always about him being a dick .
2 the important point is that he was a * successful * dick . the internet loves successful dicks . half to admire them , and half to insult the first	what about tesla ? he was more socially unprepared and seemed to have wanted to live in a later time period .

1 any " kobe " beef purchased outside of japan or china is fake ; actual kobe beef must be raised in specific parts of japan , and is illegal to	yeah , this gets reposted a lot .
2 seriously . i guess people want to make sure that every redditor knows . kobe beef is serious stuff .	i've never seen it . i don't really care ; i've never had anything labeled as kobe beef , as far as i know . i just think it's really
3 just like how some vineyards in the us still insist on calling their sparkling wine champagne . champagne can only come from the champagne district in france .	that's a bullshit european law ... they tried to get the us to stick to it but it didnt go anywhere . it is champagne , and hell a lot

1 coffee loses caffeine as it roasted , so a dark , " bold " cup of coffee actually has less caffeine than a lighter roast .	true , but some of us like the taste of dark or bold roasts better . if i wanted more caffeine , i'd drink a red bull .
2 at 9.5 mg / oz , red bull has less caffeine than most drip coffee .	snort gas station pep pills like a real man

1 europeans traditionally swam the breaststroke , while native americans swam the front crawl . when two native americans won an 1844 swimming competition in england , newspapers criticized their barbaric	american arrogance is just european arrogance in a new location .
2 weird xenophobic joke falls flat	oh come on , examine the situation and think about it : a : " we are doing the thing . " b : " hey that's cool but look
3 really hilarious	so funny i forgot to laugh

1 when demolishing the house of serial killers fred and rosemary west , every brick was crushed and every timber beam burned in order to discourage souvenir hunters .	i mean what a love story though .

1 the uniforms worn by the alliance on firefly are leftover costumes from starship troopers .	* sigh * firefly ...

1 the comedy film my cousin vinny is often praised by lawyers due to its accurate depiction of courtroom procedure , something very rare in films which portray trials . it	this movie started my teenage obsession with maria tomei

1 in deus ex , which was released in 2000 , the world trade center towers are missing in the ny missions . during development the developers justified this by stating	[ x-files ] ( http://youtu.be/rIZ205ccX8M ) predicted 911 too . dundunduuuuun !
2 the lone gunmen ( x-files spinoff ) had a plane set to hit one of the wtc towers in the freaking pilot episode .	considering the wtc towers had been for the better part of two decades known targets by real terrorists and even some terrorist attacks , it is really not surprising .

1 every last f14 tomcat america has in flyable storage is being shredded to prevent spares reaching iran who are still flying the ones sold to them by the us in	wish i could have seen one fly in person . i know museums have bought a few but it would have been nice to see one in action .

1 washington state is the only state in the united states where assisted suicide , same-sex marriage , and cannabis use are all legal .	haaaa ! i read that wrong , thought ' really ? cannabalism is legal there ? '
2 that's next on the agenda	freedom !

1 during wwi , a british soldier showed mercy to a wounded german infantryman ... who later turned out to be adolf hitler .	you had one job ! !

1 the show ' firefly ' has been permanently added to the international space station as a form of entertainment for the station's crews .	cowboy bebop ?

1 patrick stewart , while he was going bald in his teens , believed no woman would ever be interested in him again , and gave up on the idea of	larry david once said ; anyone can be confident with a full head of hair . but a confident bald man - there's your diamond in the rough .

1 on its way back from deployment in the persian gulf in 2002 , the aircraft carrier uss john stennis stopped in freemantle , australia , where her sailors wore out	i was there :) i don't understand why so many people went to the brothels , it was so insanely easy to sleep with the local girls . i'm not
2 im just going out to buy a sailor outfit , or an icecream man uniform	we were in civvies :)
3 civvies as in regular clothes ? how did they ( the girls ) pick you guys out from the rest of the population ?	even in civvies they still stand out like sore thumbs . the clothing and haircuts are a big give away .

1 there was an all girl band that would throw a ' golden condom ' to the audience , and whoever got it , male or female , was taken backstage	i got a golden condom 🎶

1 after hurricane ike in 2008 , comcast customers were billed for unreturned equipment that had been destroyed by the hurricane . customers were charged as much as $ 1000 for	you can rent electronics ? why would you do that ? even if you were poor , why would you do that especially with these soulless companies ?

1 knife manufacturer , victorinox , claims never to have had to lay off an employee . to avoid this they set aside profits during boom periods to supplement recessionary periods	when they set aside profits like that does that mean they have to pay more taxes ?

1 buzz aldrin once punched a moon landing conspiracy theorist in the face . the charges were dismissed , saying that he was provoked .	[ fighting words . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fighting_words#Chaplinsky_decision ) there are some things so offensive that you can punch someone if they say them to you . for example , if
2 i don't really agree that calling somone a coward qualifies or should qualify as fighting words .	whether simply calling someone a " coward " is a fighting word deeply depends on the context and the person , but verbally pissing on someones lifetime achievement should be
3 no way	damn , i should've checked your username before replying .

1 the company who made the gas used by the nazis in concentration camps were a subsidiary of the company who made the paint for the holocaust memorial	slightly relevant , hugo boss made the ss uniforms [ source ] ( http://articles.latimes.com/1997/aug/15/news/ls-22533 )

1 gene wilder refused to watch the 2005 remake of willy wonka because he didn't want to be disappointed in johnny depp	i wish i'd followed his advice , because i was sure as hell disappointed in johnny depp afterward , just like i have most of his movies . am i
2 no you're not . it's weird . i think he's a great actor , but the majority of his films are crap . the topper has to be the tourist	i see all these people creaming their jeans over him and i'm all like " what the fuck ? " i mean , what's eating gilbert grape and secret window

1 in a newsweek interview , maurice sendek said that parents who thought the film version of where the wild things was too disturbing for children should " go to hell	i thought it was an ok movie , but my 5 year old got pretty bored with it .

1 " roman " fonts such as times new roman are all based on one man's handwriting .	well if anybody wants to create a " special needs fourth grader " font , i'm your guy !

1 the nazi massacre at dachau in shutter island actually happened .	and nothing of value was lost .

1 comcast has ranked lower than the irs in terms of customer satisfaction	in south africa , the irs is the best managed department of government . go figure , the government do a great job at collecting taxes and then a terrible

1 : the voice of the top 100 nfl players is from wendell pierce ( the bunk : the wire )	i've been wondering this for a couple of weeks now , it finally hit me after rewatching a wire episode . the bunk provides the voice over for the nfl

1 rpg clerics wield maces because bishop odo of bayeux was wielding one in the bayeux tapestry , allegedly so as not to shed blood .	this is bs . everyone knows clerics wield maces because they have bonus dmg vs undead .

1 many clubs have officially retired the number 12 for the fans ( the " 12th man " ) .	isn't smalling 12 too ?
2 we don't retire shirts . if we did then 11 would be gone .	and 7 .

1 neil flynn , who played janitor on scrubs , would improvise in the role so often that once the screenplay said ' janitor : whatever neil says '	it's scrubs week in / r / todayilearned ! !
2 every year i go on a binge scrubs marathon . i guess it's that time .	been 2 years now . time to get my scrubs fix i guess !

1 koi fish can live for centuries . one lived for 226 years .	good to know , any idea on why ?

1 there is a 95 % chance of human extinction in the next 9000 years .	well i just want to leave a decent mark on the next 20 years , forget the rest of unknown eons ...

1 actor peter cushing ( star wars ) once attempted suicide by running up and down stairs in hope that it would induce a heart attack	i found his lack of pace disturbing .

1 when bono was 14 , his mother died at her father's funeral	" bono was 14 when his * * mother died ... after suffering a cerebral aneurysm at her father's funeral * * " it states that she suffered an aneurysm

1 cockroaches grown in space became quicker and stronger than their terrestrial counterparts	no no no no no nooooooooooo ! can we get a world treaty to ban roaches from space ! ! !

1 while filming gummo some of the actors rebelled against the disgusting locations in which harmony korine wanted to shoot . korine was forced to buy hazmat suits for some of	mark gonzales as " chair wrestler " ? i knew the gonz got into acting after skateboarding but .. god damn . i need to check this movie out .

1 volkswagen owns audi , bentley , bugatti , lamborghini , porsche , and ducati	also seat and skoda . in fact many of those brands ' models have been lprevious-generation vw / audi models with a minor facelift . the practice of re-using the
2 [ how vw will conquer the world by 2018 ] ( http://www.carloan4u.co.uk/infographics/how-vw-will-conquer-the-world-by-2018/ )	suzuki is a vw " partner " ? fuck , i've always disrespected their cars . now i'm rethinking that .

1 it is estimated that gta 5 and the call of duty will make up 25 % of video game sales this year . along with a third of all money	gtav is coming out this year .

1 during passover , coca-cola sells coke with sugar instead of corn syrup in areas with a substantial jewish population because corn syrup isn't kosher .	i wonder if the difference in taste would even be noticeable .
2 it is * extremely * noticeable .	as in weird or tastes better ?
3 coca-cola with sugar is much better than it's corn syrup counterpart .	i prefer hfcs coke over cane sugar coke . yeah , i'm that guy .

1 edge of tomorrow , adapted from all you need is kill by hiroshi sakurazaka , who was inspired from his experience from playing video games ; when getting stuck on	this was a really good movie , but the original title " edge of tomorrow " really does not make sense until you watch the movie - _ -
2 the title in my on-demand channel is " live , die , repeat : edge of tomorrow " . it made perfect sense to me .	i always just thought that it was the tagline for the poster , never that it was actually part of the title .

1 the writing staff of futurama held three ph . d . s , seven masters degrees , and cumulatively had more than 50 years at harvard	“ two oil changes for the price of one ! now if i could afford the one , and the car . ” - zoidberg
2 i love how zoidberg is written to be an antistereotypical jewish character . hes a shellfish thats insanley horrible with money .	why is a shellfish the jewish antistereotype ? i don't get it ...

1 famous mathematician paul erdos was once challenged to quit taking amphetamines for one month by a concerned friend . he succeeded , but complained " you've showed me i'm not	fun fact 2 : he would work 18 hour days , just sitting at his desk doing maths for hours
2 my brain hit a brick wall at college calculus . i don't understand how people with a proclivity for it can just sit around and * do * math -	it is the same , but with more complex creations

1 gavin free from achievement hunter , the makers of red vs blue , did the cinematography for the slow motion scenes in sherlock holmes 2 : a game of shadows	actually , rooster teeth made rvb . achievement hunter is there gaming dep .
2 yeah you're right , i always mix them up because i watch a lot of achievement hunter videos . mostly minecraft let's plays .	try watching the podcasts . or just listening to them . they're great .

1 during prohibition , the us government ordered poison be added to industrial alcohol to discourage consumption . people continued to drink it , so the government mandated more potent poison	this is known as " denatured alcohol " .
2 and it is still a thing .	yeah , just people have easy access to consumer grade booze so they aren't tempted to kill themselves for a buzz anymore .
3 of course , the denatured stuff is so much cheaper , so a few are still tempted ... that said , there are other sources of alcohol that aren't so	[ what about mouthwash ? ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOCdIY_HKM4 )

1 during ww2 , italy delivered an ultimatum to greece demanding they accept occupation . the greeks replied with " then it is war " . in the ensuing fight ,	and by forcing to the nazis to intervene it pushed back the invasion of russia by 6 weeks . which is critical because if given those 6 extra weeks the

1 when nancy grace was a prosecutor , she was reprimanded three times for misconduct , including " her disregard of the notions of due process and fairness "	this cunt is a disgrace to the oath we both took .

1 goldeneye 007 was developed by an inexperienced team ; eight of its ten developers had never previously worked on video games	license to kill , pistols , in the basement .
2 no oddjob .	i'll never forget when my little brother unlocked oddjob and proceeded to drag me into a special kind of hell .
3 i never understood this - oddjob's head was closer to level so it was easier to get headshots on him ! by all means , pick oddjob !	i'm a proxy mine / throwing knives kinda gal and it threw off my entire groove . still love the shit out of that game .

1 raiders of the lost ark grossed $ 384 million dollars in worldwide ticket sales . but it only had a budget of $ 18 million , giving it a profit	i bet the show at disney has cost more to build and keep it running than the movie .

1 up until 1978 , the mormon church taught that blacks were once an evil race of jews who were colored by god for their wickedness .	mormons should be hunted down and exterminated for their beliefs . [ oh wait ; they were . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Missouri_Executive_Order_44 )

1 the screenwriter of " cast away " deliberately stranded himself on an isolated beach for a week , to experience how tom hanks ' character would have to search for	watched this last week on blu-ray , and re-learned all these factoids . didn't realize there was karma to be had : i ought to post random movie shit from

1 : many of the most badass lines in the movie 300 were real historical quotes ; and that dry , blunt wit has been named after that region of grece	* greece . fuck .

1 joanne rowling , better known by her initials j k , does not have a middle name . the use of the author's initials instead of her full name was	oh , i thought it was just to make her name sound more like other writers of the same genre , like jrr tolkein and cs lewis .

1 animaniacs , pinky and the brain , and freakazoid were all canceled by the same guy .	i hope that guy dies in a fire .
2 really ? that seems like one of the worst ways to die , and you wish it on him ? jeez , i'd hate to see what you can envision	> i'd hate to see what you can envision for the man who tortures you . is that a threat ?
3 * [ grabs popcorn ] *	dude , don't hog it ...

1 israel demolishes the homes of those accused of terrorism . idf claims it acts as a deterrent . activists criticize it as collective punishment , the punishment of an innocent	get rachel corrie involved .

1 a 16 - year-old xhosa girl had a vision that to defeat the british soldiers the tribe should kill all the cattle and destroy the crops . tens of thousands	the next plan was , " why don't we take the village , and push it over there ! "

1 over 90 % of fetuses diagnosed with down's syndrome in the uk are terminated .	i love that the wikipedia picture is a retarded kid playing with power tools
2 > " a retarded kid " classy .	is he not retarded ?

1 i was browsing feyenoord's wikipedia page and noted their entire team is dutch ( barring a player on loan ) . could they be the highest uefa rank team without	thats what happens when you have no money for transfers , but you do have the best youth academy in the world .
2 is it the best in the world ?	you should have a look at their ground varkenoord . it's pathetic , old and falling apart , they need to improve that asap . besides that they probably have
3 the knvb has named best for the last 5 or so years . sure it can be controversial amongst rivals , but if you hire cuenca and bojan and bench	i don't think you should and i don't complain . but for the current feyenoord players it surely contributed to them .

1 there is a mountain in russia , called magnitogorsk , made almost entirely of iron with an estimated 7-10 billion pounds of iron ore	they have a hockey team called metallurg http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metallurg_Magnitogorsk
2 [ evgeni malkin played for them . ] ( http://beta.images.theglobeandmail.com/38a/sports/hockey/article4550538.ece/ALTERNATES/w620/duhat-khl18sp10.JPG )	mettalurg magnitogorsk's team nickname is the steelers and magnitogorsk is a sister city of pittsburgh .
3 so , how do you say " y'inz " in russian ?	ask geno , he's from there .

1 although pancreatic cancer is usually deadly , steve jobs had the one variety that's curable . but for nine months , he refused treatment and instead tried a vegan diet	steve jobs was a new age dumbass .
2 he's also notorious for being an overall asshole . yet he's a hero and bill gates is the evil man . edit : holy crap i've never had an inbox	wait , bill gates is evil ? since when ?
3 are you 12 or something ? he was often an abusive to his employees and basically stole from apple .	who both took their ideas from xerox , sooo ...

1 the nazis kidnapped hundreds of thousands of polish children they deemed to be racially superior , and forcibly germanized them . only 10-15 % were ever returned .	if this interests you , read fault lines by nancy huston .

1 after it was found a black girl was fabricating a gang rape allegation , al sharpton accused the prosecutor of being a racist , and stated the prosecutor was one	the name " al sharpton " should be your red flag there .
2 im a very liberal person , and he is a huge red flag to me ... edit * 2 * : ps do * you * fly planes ?	also a very liberal person , also think sharpton is a scumbag and wish media outlets would stop giving him a voice . edit : in fact , if you
3 what would make you vote conservative ? honest question here ...	nothing . if there are no candidates i agree with , i do not vote , and i do not hold conservative opinion .

1 the only player in nfl history to score a touchdown against every team is terrell owens .	i'm just gonna go ahead and say the three greatest receivers in nfl history all played at least one season for the 49 ' ers .
2 marvin harrison played on the chargers ?	no but he probably shot one of them .

1 michael biehn's one-scene part in ' alien 3 ' ( of which he had no lines ) earned him nearly as much money as he had made in ' aliens	rex power colt !

1 - the rape rate per 100,000 people in canada is 1.7 and 27.3 in the us .	canada : must try harder . or the everyone is just too polite to say " no ! " .

1 " finnegans wake " , a book by james joyce , is widely considered to be one of the most difficult works of fiction to read . readers and commentators	* oh cool . i love to read , i wonder if it's any good . * * downloads the free . pdf * [ * here * ] (
2 read the last few lines , then read the first few . they're the same sentence . that is what's truly fucked : the whole book is a mobius strip	that's a fitting metaphor . just like with a mobius strip ( sort of ) , you have to read the book twice before you get back to where you

1 m . night shyamalan used his instinct to cut the last airbender	well , he has the instinct to fuck up great stories .
2 but he's a genius and a philosopher that came down from the heaven's to produce " true art . " satan takes the form of critics to tell blasphemy and	given the new indiana law , you could start the night m . shyamalan church of true art . edit : spelling

1 dimples are in fact genetic defects , as muscles grow incorrectly and leave a gap between them .	... says the person who's never been complimented on their dimples !
2 i just have one dimple , it sucks :(	i have one dimple and one pathetic tiny indent in my cheek . i have to put on this ridiculously scrunched up smile or laugh way too hard to even

1 after mick jagger rang up bandmate charlie watts during the night and asked " where's my drummer ? " watts got out of bed , shaved , dressed in a	i personally like being my bandmates ' drummer . it makes me feel needed .

1 several hells angels members plotted to murder mick jagger after he called them out for fatally stabbing a black man at their free concert in altamont , california in 1969	ummm why didn't they just try another day then
2 i think they got the message .	what message is that ?

1 female hyenas have no vaginal opening , and give birth through the clitoris , which * ruptures * as a natural part of the process .	that sounds glorious ! !

1 the word " ewok " is never spoken by anyone in return of the jedi . mind blown .	" boba fett is awesome " - " yeah but ig88 is cooler " - " who the hell is that ? " - " ... that one robot in

1 while in the military mr . t was ordered to cut down trees as a punishment by a sergeant . he cut down 70 trees in 3 1/2 hours before	i imagine this conversation : " mr . t once counted to infinity , twice . " " oh yeah ? well chuck norris once cut down 70 trees in

1 google pays mozilla $ 300million / year to be the default search engine in firefox	can someone please give me 300 million dollars for making google my default search engine ?

1 in penile-vaginal intercourse with an hiv-infected partner , a woman has an estimated 0.1 % chance of being infected , and a man 0.05 % . am i the only	i think my understanding of most stds for the longest time was if you had sex with an infected partner bam you are infected . of course , my sex

1 of the 270 moon rocks the us gifted to the world , 180 are currently unaccounted for .	ground into powder and consumed by japanese men ?
2 guess what ? ground up moon rocks are pure poison !	for the last time marie , * * they . are . minerals . * *

1 famous mormon brigham young once said " if the white man who belongs to the chosen seed mixes his blood with the seed of [ africans ] , the penalty	i like how there is never , ever anything positive about mormons on this site . / s
2 i like how there's never anything positive about mormons . - ftfy	well they are very nice . just going by experiences .

1 john stamos has a lifetime pass to disneyland . also , they give away lifetime passes to disneyland .	wow this sounds awesome ! you should cross post to / r / themepark :)

1 whoopi goldberg choose her stage name , not just as a reference to a whoopee cushion , but also because her mother thought " goldberg " was jewish-sounding enough to	well ? did did it work ? it sounds crazy enough to work .

1 portal 2 originally did not include any portals - valve changed their minds after every playtester reacted negatively to the decision .	i'm curious when we'll get a release of the game with this so called ' f-stop ' ( which were * * meant to replace portals altogether * * )

1 george rr martin's a storm of swords lost the 2001 hugo award for best novel to harry potter and the goblet of fire . his response ? " eat your	i kinda feel like harry potter readers are got readers .
2 read harry potter as i was growing up , now read all of got . i'd definitely agree , got feels like an adult ( and far more voluminous book	got doesn't feel at all like harry potter . they both exist in the fantasy genre , but the story structures aren't in any way similar .

1 the mlk monument in dc was built by chinese workers , made out of chinese granite mined by chinese slaves , and carved by a chinese sculptor using a chinese	mlk would be proud .

1 not only are rob mcelhenney and kaitlin olson ( mac and dee from it's always sunny in philly ) married in real life , but they even own a bar	i drink at mac's tavern quite a bit . it is basically downstairs from my apartment .
2 awesome . how is it ? are they ever there ?	bar is nice . great beer selection and above average bar food . staff is awesome . they are there a few times a year . mostly when they come
3 how's the milksteak ?	i'm more concerned with their spaghetti policy .

1 napoleon always spoke french with a corsican accent , and never learned to write french properly .	here is the relevant text from the wikipedia article : > napoleon's noble , moderately affluent background and family connections afforded him greater opportunities to study than were available to
2 damn that's ironic .	no , it isn't .
3 yeah it is . he got his ass kicked several times by the british navy .	he also believed that naval warfare was too simple . " the admiral needs only one science , that of navigation . the general needs all the sciences . "

1 alexander i of yugoslavia refused to attend public events on tuesdays after three family members died on that day of the week . after finally being forced to appear on	being the kind of yugoslavia is like being the emperor of a pile of shiiiiit
2 why ?	i am an x-yugoslavian . that country was a shitshow waiting to happen combining catholics , muslims , and orthodox christians in one country . aristocrats were succeeded by communists

1 brazzers , reality kings , youporn , pornhub and spankwire are all owned by the same company .	why offer a subscription service and a free version of the same service ?
2 because they know that the low quality video is good for young men who don't give a shit and need money , but older guys who actually have money to	http://en.pornbusters.org/
3 ... . org ? well alright then .	org for orgasm . how have porn sites not thought of this ?

1 at a launch site in south dakota , the entrance to the underground missile launch control center is sealed by a blast-proof door painted like a domino's pizza logo ,	this is the most interesting fact about my state / county that i've seen in a long time .

1 in high school , chris paul's grandfather was murdered on the eve of his season opener . he went on to score 61 points , one for each year his	man i hope the other team didn't know . they fouled him on his last two points and honestly that seems a bit unreasonable considering the situation

1 an avocado is technically a berry .	it is also the nastiest berry .

1 arizona and hawaii are the only two us states that don't observe daylight savings time	i used to live in indiana . they didn't observe dst until 2005 . i fucking hate changing every clock in my house .
2 i thought there were parts of indiana that did and others that didnt , it really fucked shit up	yeah . the southern parts generally were , to keep up with louisville , and the north western towns did to keep up with chicago .

1 edge of tomorrow , adapted from all you need is kill by hiroshi sakurazaka , who was inspired from his experience from playing video games ; when getting stuck on	so basically dark souls ?

1 humans can survive indefinitely on a diet of just potatoes and butter	on the flip side , if you only eat rabbit , [ you will starve to death ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rabbit_starvation ) .
2 how so ?	qi said it's because there are virtually minimal levels of nutrients other than protein in rabbit . when they found bodies of hunters who'd died from eating only rabbit ,

1 : there is an official russian spinoff of " it's always sunny in philadelphia " called " it's always sunny in moscow " that focuses on the owners of a	im reading most of these comments in my head in a thick russian accent

1 in 1979 , elvita adams jumped from the 86th floor of the empire state building in an attempted suicide , only to be blown back onto the 85th floor by	if that's not divine intervention . i don't know what is .

1 the man third in succession for the presidency of the united states once pried a live grenade from his arm after it had been blown off and then continued to	and that's why you always leave a note .

1 there is a beer pipeline in germany	there isn't only one . alpirsbacher brewery in alpirsbach , tucher bräu in nürnberg and oettinger in oettingen have one too . the one in oettingen used by the oettinger
2 that would be the greatest golden shower ever .	actually , i would consider oettinger to be one of the worst beers i've drunk so far , so id say no :D
3 it has a worse reputation than it actually is . please make a blind-tasting event and i am pretty sure you will give lowers grades to some so-called " premium	no it sucks !

1 , on his deathbed , aldous huxley asked his wife for acid and she obliged him .	he was given lethal amounts of lcd and other drugs he enjoyed such as mescalin . my hero died tripping out of this world
2 lsd * and not quite lethal , or even close . asserting that he took 1 dose , i think someone has taken up to 10,000 and still survived .	an ld50 hasn't been established , only estimated , because there has only been one recorded death where lsd was mistakenly injection in a huge amount .

1 the average 70 - year-old inuit with a traditional diet of whale and seal has arteries as elastic as those of a 20 - year-old danish resident .	people just read wikipedia for one single line of information , but don't read the context , and don't bother to click the reference to find out that it doesn't
2 people love pseudoscience . the term " studies show " is pretty much enough to convince most people , even though they don't bother to check if the " studies	source ?

1 in the 1600 ' s london was plagued by an attacker who would grab unaccompanied women , lift their dress , smack their bare bottoms and yell " spanko !	i did a report on this dude for renaissance week in 5th grade ! my teacher thought i was making shit up and sent me to the principle , and
2 its principal you fucking idiot	it's not ' its ' - it's ' it's '
3 fucking idiot you forgot to capitalize	moren , you forgot to end your sentence with a full stop . fucking plebs .

1 alex the parrot's last words to his caretaker were , " you be good . i love you . "	[ here is a little more about alex . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O_Fpad20Zbk&feature=related ) . you can actually hear him saying it in this video . pretty amazing how clear alex

1 why cut and paste are ctrl + x and ctrl + v .	i always just figured because ctrl-c was copy and the others were next to it .

1 : kim jong-il's deceased father is still technically in charge of north korea , making n . k . the world's only necrocracy	they're just keeping it warm til he gets back .

1 the riaa intends to sue limewire for copyright infringement for $ 75 trillion in damages – " a sum greater than the current gdp of the entire global economy .	i didn't know dr.evil ran the riaa

1 on titan the atmosphere is so thick and the gravity so low that humans could fly through it by flapping " wings " attached to their arms .	ah comeon ! lets go to titan !
2 if we could attach these ' wings ' to , let's say , a pig somehow , then would pigs be able to fly ? woohoo ! i guess me	nancy's been dead for 15 years , bill .

1 patrick stewart , while he was going bald in his teens , believed no woman would ever be interested in him again , and gave up on the idea of	i was losing my hair in high school . it's tough .
2 me too sadly . i was fourteen when it was noticeable . i went to 3 different high schools , my last school there was a no hats policy ...	went bald around 18 myself and my first boss did something really similar . i can't go anywhere without a hat now because that just sort of crushed me .

1 mr . t's gold chains were taken from the people he beat up as a bouncer ; he wore them openly so they could come back to get it .	> in july 1976 tureaud's platoon sergeant punished him by giving him the detail of chopping down trees during training camp at fort mccoy in wisconsin , but the sergeant
2 why the hell we picked chuck norris for the jokes instead of mr . t , i'll never know .	mr . t . is not black , the sun is just afraid to shine on mr . t .

1 the number of chinese killed by the japanese during ww2 is greater than the number of jews killed in the holocaust	the germans also killed more russians and about the same number of poles compared to jews who died during the holocaust .
2 so ww2 was pretty much the low point of the century ... edit : my highest rated comment is about how much our species failed in the 20th century .	nope . the lowest point in the century was the period of 1958 to 1969 in china , where mao systematically murdered at least 70 million of his own people
3 i wonder what the worst event of the 19th century was , and how it compared .	the british more or less deliberately caused a famine in india in 1878 that killed at least 10 million , if not more . also exacerbated by the british ,

1 mr . t originally started wearing gold chains when people lost them at the bar where he was a bouncer . he would wear the item the following night in	" during these years he protected , among others , sixteen prostitutes , nine welfare recipients , five preachers , eight bankers , ten school teachers , and four store

1 due to low attendance to celebrate mlk's nobel prize , coke ceo told city leaders , " it is embarrassing for coca-cola to be located in a city that refuses	next section : " the coca-cola company has been involved in a number of crime controversies and lawsuits related to its relationship with human rights violations and other alleged unethical

1 heroin derives its name from " heroic " , as it was originally marketed as a non-addictive wonder cure to morphine addiction	well , technically , heroin will cure a morphine addiction ... by giving you a heroin addiction instead .
2 doesn't heroin literally turn into morphine anyways , or rather , a more potent but slightly different variation of morphine ?	i'm not a chemist but i believe that is basically correct . heroin is i think diacetylmorphine which metabolizes into morphine ... i don't know enough science to know what

1 since 1945 , all british tanks have come equipped with tea making facilities	this may have convinced me to consider joining the army

1 courage the cowardly dog was nominated for an oscar	return the slab .
2 what's yer offer ?	[ king raaaaaaamseeeees ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DGiRRTi_hJk )

1 joseph stalin ’ s son shot himself because of stalin ’ s harshness toward him , but survived . after this , stalin said , “ he can ’ t	was this alluded to with piotyr in red son ?

1 splenda ( sucralose ) was discovered when a scientist accidentally misheard " test this chemical " as " taste this chemical "	i'm pretty sure that happens with everything but only the guys who get the sweetener life to tell the tale .

1 blue moon beer is made by millercoors , but miller coors doesn't seem to want anyone to know that	here's a little hint - if it's in every bar in america , it's not a craft beer .
2 sam adams being the exception .	sam adams is the largest american owned beer company in the world . so , i seriously doubt the validity of calling it " craft beer " .

1 trickle-down economics used to be known as the " horse and sparrow " theory based on the idea that if you feed the horse enough oats , some will pass	“ the " trickle-down " theory : the principle that the poor , who must subsist on table scraps dropped by the rich , can best be served by giving
2 let them eat shit .	http://imgur.com/L380OfX
3 i've been waiting for a chance to use this and i blew it .	what is this from ?

1 in 1961 the cost of one gflop of computing power was around $ 1.1 trillion . as of december 2013 it stood at approximately 12 cents .	moore's law should have come into effect 34.66 ... times in the last 52 years , so a literal conversion of math says one gflop should be 40 dollars .

1 seth rogen paid the bills and was the main wage earner of the family by the age of 16	usually the case when you're a child star
2 he was a child star ?	no , he was a 16-17 year old on a ( at the time ) relatively small tv show . unless that = child star

1 author j k rowling wrote the final chapter of the last harry potter book in ' something like 1990 ' , seven years before the release of the first book	so * that's * why they're listening to hammer and drinking zima !

1 the beatles have sold more records than bob marley , tupac shakur , nirvana , the beach boys and kanye west combined by over 30 million units	the beatles also didn't live in the age of digital pirating .
2 nor did bob marley , tupac shakur , nirvana and the beach boys .	which makes kanyes sales that much more interesting .

1 bear grylls is wrong . when dehydrated in a survival situation , you should not drink your own pee . it actually worsens the situation rather than being beneficial .	in actuallity * , in the desert episode where he frank his pee , he said that it should be used as a last resort , because it dehydrates you
2 > in the desert episode where he frank his pee , poor mr . frank .	classic frank . doesn't suprice me .
3 frankly i'm not supriced at ull .	[ ull ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/14/Manuscript_Ullr.jpg ) ?

1 the world war ii is the most widespread war in history , and directly involved more than 100 million people from over 30 countries .	" involved more than 100 million people from over 30 countries . " ... ummm ... weren't there more than 60 million people killed * in ww2 ? i don't

1 the college student who discovered that the 27th amendment was still technically able to be ratified got a ' c ' on the research paper he wrote about it .	seems like there's a similar tale about the [ fed ex founder ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frederick_W._Smith#Early_years ) writing a business plan for an overnight delivery service in college .

1 25 years ago on this day a us guided missile cruiser attacked a civillian iranian airliner killing all 290 passengers including 66 children . us government never apologised for this	thats terrible . it seems like the us tries to appear like an angel when its really a devil .

1 in the 1980s the naval investigative service undertook a massive and futile search for a woman named " dorothy " in the chicago area , after hearing gay men refer	it would be helpful if the title explained that being a " friend of dorothy " meant that you were gay and also that the nis was trying to find

1 when manfred von richtofen ( the red baron ) was shot down and killed in 1918 , the british army gave him a full military funeral , complete with clergy	its frustrating as an australian to always have our actions in ww1 \ 2 being called british . it was australian forces that gave him a full military funeral .
2 i think you both might be wrong . i'm pretty sure it was an american beagle flying a doghouse .	we learned better in school , i really believed that snoopy got his ass in a sopwith camel and shot down the red baron , there was a song about

1 prince performed a cover of radiohead's " creep " at coachella , but forced youtube to remove footage that fans had taken of the performance . youtube reinstated the videos	why did prince become such a dick ? i mean , be a diva and all , by all means ... just don't be miserable cunt .

1 the only upside-down stoplight in the world is in syracuse , ny because some persistent local irish kids didn't want the red ( british ) above green ( ireland )	why upside down ? why not horizontal ?

1 after the release of ' top gun ' , the us navy stated the number of young men who joined wanting to be naval aviators went up by 500 percent	to this day i have not seen top gun all the way through . movie was so awful i turned it off 45 minutes in .
2 ... just watch the f - 14 footage , cause she's the real star .	after i saw the behind the scenes footage and saw that it was basically a cockpit with a camera attached to an off-balanced electric drill ... ruined it for me
3 you do realize it wasn't supposed to be a documentary right ?	yeah i know , i just expected some high tech machinery to duplicate the turbulence ... not a $ 15 piece of home improvement hardware .

1 trickle-down economics used to be known as the " horse and sparrow " theory based on the idea that if you feed the horse enough oats , some will pass	http://imgur.com/zsdSaZa

1 there are still 5 people living who were born in the 1800s .	i always wondered to which decade they are refering when they say " back in the day " .

1 neil flynn , who played janitor on scrubs , would improvise in the role so often that once the screenplay said ' janitor : whatever neil says '	did they ever reveal his proper name in the series ?

1 purdue university now has three quarterback alumni starting in the nfl , the most of any other college team .	and 2/3 have pitchforks in the face from the locals .

1 not all kamikaze were volunteers , ' ' it's all a lie that they left filled with braveness and joy , crying , ' long live the emperor ! '	government sucks .

1 stephen hawking has survived for over 50 years after being diagnosed with a disease that only 4 % of people survive 10 years with .	what if he's been dead this whole time and his computer has developed a mind of its own ?

1 there is syndrome dubbed " the truman show delusion " where the patient believes their life is a reality tv series , just like the main character of the truman	sounds like every teenager on facebook and twitter .

1 princess marie bonaparte had her clitoris moved closer to her vagina .	did you just read bonk ?

1 when yao ming played his first game in miami , the heat promoted the game by passing out 8,000 fortune cookies . yao wasn't offended because he had never seen	fortune cookies are an american invention .

1 the 1971 film " willy wonka and the chocolate factory " was financed by the quaker oats company to promote their new candy : the wonka bar	better than anything tim burton could do .
2 i prefer the tim burton version </confessionbear>	brave soul .

1 the name häagen-dazs is simply two made-up words meant to look scandinavian to american eyes .	to me , as a finn , it sounds like some obscure german secret society .

1 when 6 - year old adam walsh ( the son of america's most wanted host john walsh ) was murdered in 1981 , the police investigation was so inept that	[ citation needed ]

1 stephen fry spent time in prison for credit card fraud	i highly recommend his documentary [ the secret life of the manic depressive ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stephen_Fry:_The_Secret_Life_of_the_Manic_Depressive ) . he goes into detail about this incident .

1 daniel webster , who ran for president and lost three times , declined the vice presidency twice , thinking it a worthless office . both presidents who offered it later	to be fair , the vice president has almost no power .
2 there are two types of vice presidents : doormats and matadors .	guess which one i will be * holds up drawing of bull . * i love this show so much .

1 while high profile scientists such as carl sagan have advocated the transmission of messages into outer space , stephen hawking has warned against it , suggesting that aliens might simply	“ two possibilities exist : either we are alone in the universe or we are not . both are equally terrifying . ” ― arthur c . clarke

1 scientology isn't legally considered a religion in all countries . switzerland identifies it as a commercial enterprise , france and chile as a cult , and norway as a non-profit	and they only got religious non-profit status in the u . s . after launching thousands of lawsuits against the irs ( who decided it was easier to give them

1 the yapese use large stone " coins " for money which can weigh up to 8,800 lbs . rather than move them , they usually just keep track of who	not quite pocket change .

1 liam neeson turned down being bond because he was " not interested in starring in action movies " .	i guess he should've taken a different approach when he was asked . now it will be forever unknown how he would've done . i guess he will spend his

1 alan tudyk ( aka wash from firefly ) , along with adam baldwin and nathan fillion voiced marines in halo 3 . these marines had personalities based on the three	anyone else think alan tudyk looks like steve ott of the dallas stars ?

1 shaquille o'neal is a freemason	what is going on in r / til ? you guys have gone full retard

1 tycho brahe had a tame elk . it died by drinking too much beer at a dinner and falling down some stairs .	the way they worded it , it sounded like he told a tall tale to a pen-pal , and when he called him out on it , tycho covered it

1 benjamin guggenheim , heir to mining magnate meyer guggenheim , dressed in his finest suit , had a glass of brandy and smoked a cigar as the titanic sank .	its really hard to imagine some ceo doing the same . the ceo of verizon and comcast would jump into a life raft and shoot flares at the remaining ones

1 taurine , a common ingredient in energy drinks , was first isolated from the bile of an ox , but now is synthesized in labs . cat food is required	so how did cats get taurine naturally ?
2 it's present in meat , and cats eat 100 % meat diet in nature . pet food is somewhere between 100 % plant food for cheap crap and mostly plant	not quite 100 % meat . they eat whole prey , so meat , bones , and organs . some people say stomach contents too ( of herbivorous prey )
3 there's nothing quite as fascinating as watching a cat eat an entire mouse .	i swear mine can swallow them whole ; a couple of times i observed her sitting calmly with her dead mouse at her feet ; i'd look away for not

1 stone temple pilots formed when singer scott weiland and guitarist rob dileo met at a concert . they began discussing their girlfriends and eventually realized they were both dating the	sounds like the plot to an indie film
2 sounds like the plot of a gay porn film .	really ? ! ? two guys dating the same girl in a gay porn ? i guess i assumed gay porn was more , you know , gay than that

1 washington state is the only state in the united states where assisted suicide , same-sex marriage , and cannabis use are all legal .	it's because washington is the furthest from the capitol .

1 jews fought side-by-side with muslim soldiers to defend jerusalem against the crusaders .	back then christians were the terrorists , if you know what i'm saying ...

1 the usa has provided nuclear weapons for belgium , germany , italy , the netherlands , and turkey to deploy and store but they cannot arm the bombs without authorization	the u . s . has the arming codes , but what's to stop these counties from pulling apart and reverse engineering these bombs ? after all , they just
2 the title is super misleading . we have usaf personnel stationed at these locations in complete control of the weapons .	ah , i did not realise .

1 there was an american musician in the 1970s who sold very few records in the us , so he quit music and became a demolition worker ; in 1998 ,	while working as a " demolition man "

1 val kilmer allegedly knocked out tom cruise in a fist fight on set during the filming of top gun and that the two have " a vitriolic hatred of one	probably because he knew he should have been the lead and not the retarded dwarf .

1 " lone survivor " marcus luttrell received a dog when he got home to aide in his recovery . in 2009 4 men shot the dog , and luttrell chased	if you kill someone's pet you deserve to be killed .

1 tobey maguire was an alcoholic and was constantly overshadowed by childhood friend ... leonardo dicaprio .	i'm not sure why , but this post made me realize that for most of my life , i had assumed [ these two people ] ( http://images.cheezburger.com/completestore/2010/9/18/c424fb3b-fb92-49f2-9a9b-76d8945878c3.jpg ) were

1 thad roberts , a nasa intern , spent 7 years in federal prison after having sex with his girlfriend on a bed full of stolen moon rocks .	totally worth it .

1 in 1974 a newscaster committed suicide during a live broadcast . her last words were " in keeping with channel 40 ' s policy of bringing you the latest in	did you get this from a cracked article ? i was looking at it the other day ... i think it was in the top 10 clips not available on
2 > not available on the internet aww ...	you can watch budd dwyer shoot himself if you really want to see a suicide . [ it was televised , although not live . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/R._Budd_Dwyer#Public_suicide ) edit
3 i got your back bro ! [ video ] ( http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=164_1326125398 )	show a little decorum , please .

1 show producers gave a homeless man $ 100,000 to do what he wants ; within 6 months he had nearly spent all the money , and he eventually went broke	so , a man with severe social problems becomes and stays homeless . money doesn't cure his severe social problems . wow .
2 it's frustrating to hear people talk about homelessness like it's an easy problem to solve . like , these people don't have money , and that's entirety of the problem	people think , " if * i * was homeless , i'd just need ... " but they're not the homeless . :-(

1 adolf hitler had a jewish doctor that didn't charge the hitler family money during their finical hardship . during the holocaust , hitler labelled the doctor , eduard bloch ,	what a hero
2 he did not only that , he also killed hitler .	* what an hero *

1 you are required to vote in australia ; if you don't , you'll face a fine	also , australia has a higher percentage of non-voters , blanks forms and incorrectly filled forms than either britain or the u . s . so the compulsory voting thing

1 over 50 % of companies older than 200 years are in japan , and that the oldest company in the world survived for 1428 years !	to be accurate , kongo gumi failed back in 2006 and was absorbed by another company . it still exists but it's a subsidiary now . imo it's nishiyama onsen

1 doritos changed cooler ranch to cool ranch in the 90 ' s . i'm not crazy	it obviously wiped out the other ranch competition , where it then formed a monopoly on the ranch market , in which it just became the cool ranch instead of

1 a roman dictator , cincinnatus , was made a dictator while he was plowing his fields . after saving rome from rival tribes , he humbly returned to his farm	> within his lifetime cincinnatus became a legend to the romans . twice granted supreme power , he held onto it for not a day longer than absolutely necessary .
2 how come we don't have any rulers like him anymore :(	the same reason we thankfully don't have rulers like caligula anymore .

1 there have been several vigilante groups in recent years , including a man named rodrigo duterte that transformed the murder capital of the philippines to " the most peaceful city	it's remarkable that he's still alive . i wouldn't be able to sleep at night knowing that there were so many violent people wanting me to die .
2 he killed them all .	best way to get a good night's sleep .
3 they cant kill me if they're dead	this " what if ... " was the inspiration behind the walking dead .

1 " octopi " is incorrect . " us " becomes " i " if the word comes from latin , but octupus comes from the greek , so it's either	i knew that octopuses was correct , til why , and how to settle the argument that i have a couple times a year .

1 taco bell has tried to enter the mexican market twice , failing both times , even after branding their food " american " food .	their chilli cheese burritos is a gift from god . if don't believe in god it's a gift from wilson phillips . either way best food ever made . mexico

1 al capone's bullet proof cadillac with run-flat tires was seized by treasury agents and was later used as president franklin d . roosevelt's limousine	its a damn shame this isn't a cadillac standard . drive by fatalities would have been way down .
2 bullshit . they would still drive around with their bulletproof windows down . so everyone could hear the new lil wayne album . all that matters is nobody shoots the	and with the bullet proof glass down , wouldnt the door be at least a little bullet proof ?

1 rudolf hess was the sole inmate of an entire prison for over 20 years .	people commit suicide at age 93 .

1 the average toll to pass through the panama canal is us $ 54,000 . the most expensive regular toll fee is us $ 375,600 .	and the lowest toll ever charged was for [ richard halliburton ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Halliburton ) who * swam * through the canal , and paid 36 cents for the privilege
2 you know you have an interesting life when your wikipedia entry starts out : > richard halliburton ( january 9 , 1900 – presumed dead after march 24 , 1939	yeah , that's pretty badass .

1 in the 1990s , apple co-founder steve wozniak submitted so many high scores for tetris to nintendo power they would no longer print them , so he started sending them	[ he truly is the great and powerful woz . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-K1uj9VmCzo )

1 a 1965 barbie came complete with a book titled “ how to lose weight ” that instructed “ don ’ t eat ! ” it also came with a scale	lol . oreo fun barbie .

1 800 different languages are spoken in new york city , making it the most linguistically diverse city on earth .	i work in the south bronx . i can go all day without hearing english .
2 i live in a town in england and i have that too . i live in luton and it they say there is somebody speaking every language in the world	in luton even english people don't speak english , they speak chav . in that respect most foreigners speak the language better than actual britons . i used to live

1 ol ' dirty bastard rescued a 4 year old girl from the wreckage of a car accident that occured in front of his recording studio .	and then i read his " legal troubles " section .
2 > in july 1998 , only days after being shot in a push-in robbery at his girlfriend's house in brooklyn , he was arrested for shoplifting a pair of $	he was really an unique individual haha , i watched the documentary about him too .
3 > an unique whenever i see this i always hear the person pronouncing it in my head as " an oonique "	thanks . i'm going crazy now repeating that nonstop in my head .

1 north korea has an estimated $ 6 trillion worth in mineral and rare earth metal reserves , but cannot be mined because nk lacks the technology to do so .	they probably still use pornhub ... so outdated
2 what do you use ?	pornmd.com it's a search engine that searches all the major porn sites . you're welcome
3 [ pornmd ] ( http://www.pornmd.com ) * ^ if ^ this ^ link ^ is ^ offensive ^ or ^ incorrect , ^ reply ^ with ^ " remove "	i find this very offensive .

1 dick cheney flunked out of college twice , was convicted of two dwis , received two draft deferments and shot a texas attorney .	when i posted a til about obama on here it got flagged since political topics weren't allowed . maybe they changed it since the elections ?
2 was it critical of obama ? because that may have been your problem ...	haha . yep it was .

1 only 2 % of the world's human population has naturally blond hair .	had blonde hair when i was younger . i'm 18 now and my hair is very dark brown , almost black .

1 every purple heart awarded by the military since 1945 is one of the 500,000 purple hearts manufactured in anticipation of u . s . casualties resulting from the invasion of	if anyone wonders why we dropped the bomb on japan ... this is why .

1 paula radcliffe , the winner of the 2005 london marathon , took a shit on the side of the road in full view of spectators and cameras .	[ the moment itself . ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W6I2-YP42rs )
2 what was going through the cameraman's mind ? not : she's squatting , now is a good time for a crowd shot ! nope . " she's squatting ! let	i would imagine " oh no , she's squatting . is our race leader going down to injury ? this can't be good . let's capture that disappointment for our

1 stephon marbury promoted a line of shoes that retailed at $ 15 . he was not paid to endorse them .	i bought a pair of these bad boys at steve & barry's before they closed down at my local mall . lasted me 3 years .

1 richard simmons ' career in promoting fitness and healthy living has helped humanity to lose approximately 12,000 , 000 pounds .	convivial eccentricity embraced to perfection and the good of humanity . we may never see a better example .

1 buzz aldrin once punched a moon landing conspiracy theorist in the face . the charges were dismissed , saying that he was provoked .	[ relevant ] ( http://youtu.be/P6MOnehCOUw )

1 male semen has significant health benefits for women including working as a natural antidepressant , reduction of breast cancer , etc .	upvoted to get the word out and help humanity overall .

1 george smoot , nobel prize winning astrophysicist , was the only man to win the million dollars on ' are you smarter than a fifth grader ? '	first man , second person

1 when former president teddy roosevelt died in his sleep in 1919 , thomas r . marshall , the sitting vice-president , said " death had to take roosevelt sleeping ,	[ artist's rendition of what that encounter would've been like had roosevelt been awake . ] ( http://i.imgur.com/9wz52WQ.jpg )
2 did shitty watercolour break free of his reddit prison ? not seen em for quite awhile	that's because reddit admins shadowbanned him for being offensive .
3 what did he do to offend the fucking admins ?	doesn't take much these days . sure obnoxious college liberals that protect people's feelings are nice , but i don't need them running reddit .

1 coloring is also what legos are made of .	lego not legos , lego is plural .
2 then what do you call * a * lego ?	a piece of lego , a brick , a lego piece . do you say " a sand " or " a grain of sand " ?

1 , on his deathbed , aldous huxley asked his wife for acid and she obliged him .	i'm not doing enough acid these days .
2 no wonder . there's not been another big supply ever since 2000 .	:( ive noticed , it's disappeared from ny as well
3 i don't think you know the right people . there was a fuck ton floating around the last few years after next to nothing for almost a decade .	there's not much money in it , and the manufacturing process is slow and complicated . it's basically still around because of a few enthusiasts doing god's work .

1 indonesia realized dead manta rays are worth $ 500 whereas manta ray tourism brought in $ 1,000 , 000 over the life of a single ray . indonesia is now	same with lake nicaragua and bull sharks , rather than a dictator selling fin soup it's a massive tourist destination . although with this new crazy canal idea everything could

1 " danger zone " was originally going to be sung by the band ' toto ' , but arguments with the band's lawyers prevented this . bryan adams and reo	it was later redone in a duet between kenny loggins and cherlene , queen of outlaw country .
2 only came here for the archer references . wasn't disappointed . thanks reddit .	me too buddy . me too

1 " the emperor's new groove " was originally set to be an epic retelling of the prince and the pauper by the director of the lion king	i loved that movie , and i used to watch it all the time , so much that i had it memorized . my wife hates it when i watch

1 dave thomas ( wendy's ) went back to high school in 1993 to get his ged because he was worried that his success as a high school dropout might convince	huge adoption supporter and proponent . great guy .
2 wait . are there people who are against adoption ?	there are people against everything .
3 i'm against those people .	i'm against you .

1 a mob of angry dutch killed and ate their prime minister	now * * that * * is [ participatory democracy . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Participatory_democracy )
2 it was actually antidemocratic . it says right in the article the movement was sponsored by the guy who took the crown .	that is not exactly true . the murder of the de witt brothers happened in 1672 . at that time the netherlands was not a kingdom - instead it was
3 i've noticed this trend where the dutch do things first and look all progressive ( republic , cannabis ) and then when the rest of the world starts doing what	we're a hipster nation

1 a dutch warship was disguised as a tropical island to escape detection by the japanese in wwii . it was the only ship of its class to survive .	japanese man # 1 " dude why is that island moving ? " japanese man # 2 " i don't fuckin know .. let's just not say anything about it

1 - russian crimean war debt was so large that alexander ii , realizing the difficulty of defending alaska , decided to sell it to the united states , in 1867	so what you're saying is that we're about to get a new state ?
2 let's welcome the kamchatka peninsula as our newest 51st state !	i thought that was britain ?

1 in 1927 several million people in the united states sent over 100,000 petitions urging congress to adopt the metric system .	fuck no ... cause merica ! ! ! 1 metric system is anti-freedom . look at all our freedom we have .
2 and the fact the metric system is stupid . a foot is , well , a foot . how do you measure a " meter " ?	about one long step .

1 a nj store owner's shop got flooded in 1883 , soaking his entire stock of taffy in atlantic ocean salt water . when a little girl came in and asked	that candy sounds so good right now

1 the n64 game conker's bad fur day only sold 55,000 copies	i picked it up new at my local wal-mart only a year and a half ago . it sold so poorly that after all these years , they still had

1 a man in nebraska is breeding red cows and sending them to israel in hopes of a pure red heifer being born there ; such an event will allegedly prompt	fucksake , if you're going to cheat , just use paint . its easier .
2 its absurd when considered in the abstract , and falls apart with any application of logic ... ... but it doesn't get really , really sad and disturbing until you	shit , at least his otherwise mundane life is exiting .

1 while in the military mr . t was ordered to cut down trees as a punishment by a sergeant . he cut down 70 trees in 3 1/2 hours before	i pity the fool who speaks for the trees i pity the lorax who thinks he can stop me !

1 rick astley has earned almost no money from rickrolling , receiving only $ 12 in royalties .	probably shouldn't have given up .

1 when bill robinson , early film megastar and sidekick to shirley temple , was asked by a manager to leave a restaurant , he asked to borrow a $ 10	your title should include that bill robinson was black , for those of us that didn't know . otherwise the til makes no sense .
2 i dunno , it seemed to me like you could get it from the context .	by making an assumption .

1 sid meier didn't include multiplayer in the original civilization game because " if you had friends , you wouldn't need to play computer games . "	i remember there were more of us playing civ i at one computer – everyone had his own town and decided what to produce and how to move his town's

1 stanley kubrick told journalists to pronounce the " 2001 " in " 2001 : a space odyssey " as " two thousand and one " in the hope that the	i think it worked stan . i am old enough that i saw this flick at a drive-in ( remember them ? ) in 1968 ( i think ) with

1 judith barsi , the child actor who voiced the role of anne-marie in the movie " all dogs go to heaven " , was shot in the head in her	this is so fucking weird . as i was getting on the train today--out of nowhere--i said to myself " it's the grand chawhee's birthday " and i haven't thought

1 english mastiffs don't attack people who are threats , they use their size to pin them until a human they know arrives and tells them it's okay	i had an english mastiff when i was much younger . she would separate two people who were fighting by standing up on two legs and dropping herself in between
2 i had a great dane who did that stuff too . big dogs are kickass .	i want , want , want a big dog but i don't think that i can deal with the shorter life-span when compared to smaller pups ... :(
3 don't think they all have short lives . i have friends who owned danes . one lived to be 17 , the other was 21 .	that happens but it's not normal . the average lifespan of a great dane is about 8 years .

1 no physical clone trooper armor was ever produced for star wars prequels . every clone trooper was cgi .	and that's one of the reasons why the prequels sucked
2 you mean why the battles were awesome ! you didn't see anything on that scale in the originals with their puppets ...	whats a good battle without a story . nothing

1 ... the beatles literally stopped touring because their music could not be amplified loud enough to compete with screaming crowd noise , even with custom , purpose-built amplifiers .	going off topic here , named both my kids after beatles songs . jude & maxwell . die hard fan , son .
2 i named my daughter mean mister mustard	dedication right there .

1 weird al yankovic has asked permission from prince to parody his songs on numerous occasions , and has always been refused . when the two were assigned to sit in	the lawyers sent this on * a telegram * ? was their passenger pigeon sick ?
2 > was their passenger pigeon sick ? worse . it went extinct .	someone deleted a comment asking about passenger pigeons . i thought i'd provide a little more info . the passenger pigeon was once the most numerous bird in the world
3 that fact there were billions of these birds , and now they are all gone , is simply astonishing .	this is why i could never take a zombie apocalypse seriously . humans are just too good at killing shit .

1 dildos were invented over 25,000 years before the wheel	: the dildo was invented by the germans . maybe that's why they're considered dirty . because of the germ * * s ... ^ ^ am ^ ^ ^

1 during filming of " super mario bros . " bob haskins ( mario ) and john leguizamo ( luigi ) were so unhappy working on what they knew to be	doesn't explain why they thought the script was good
2 there was a pretty interesting article in ( i think ) gameinformer that explored , in depth , what went wrong with that movie . basically after all the (	wait ... there are people that don't like top gun ? ( serious )

1 the infinite monkey theorem , stating that monkeys with typewriters and enough time could produce the entire works of shakespeare , has been tried out in real life . they	so they wrote snooki's book instead ...

1 knife manufacturer , victorinox , claims never to have had to lay off an employee . to avoid this they set aside profits during boom periods to supplement recessionary periods	that's what japan did for a long time , giving rise to the idea of " lifetime employment " .

1 roller coaster tycoon was programmed by one guy . in assembly .	wish this game worked on my computer ... this is my childhood .
2 here you go http://www.gog.com/en/gamecard/rollercoaster_tycoon_deluxe	excellent !

1 the 2008 film ' rambo ' provided a huge morale boost to the karen freedom fighters in burma , who even adopted dialogue from the movie ( most notably "	that movie was fucking brutal in the best way

1 in " a . i . artificial intelligence " , child actor haley joel osment suggested to steven spielberg that to portray an android well he shouldn't blink . osment	he's also the voice of sora from kingdom hearts !

1 after jfk was assassinated , there was a brief scuffle between local and federal authorities when the president's security detail wasn't allowed to remove his body from the hospital .	[ i saw this a few moments before i came across this thread ] ( http://youtu.be/utYcFf93Srs ) * by the way does anyone know the date this speech was given

1 queen elizabeth ii has been described as " addicted " to her golden-plated wii console , and has expressed the wish to be a horse .	now all i can imagine is the queen and prince philip playing mario together . ' i'm afraid the princess is in another castle , philip '
2 " no dear , she died in a tunnel "	[ i'm out . ] ( http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m2roiqsWCr1qjemo2o1_250.gif )

1 rick moranis retired from acting after his wife died of liver cancer so he could raise his children	wow ! and i just watched little shop of horrors .

1 in bram stokers original novel , dracula is not killed by sunlight . he just becomes weaker .	in the original superman cartoons he could only leap over tall buildings , not actually fly . times change .

1 the daily show's john oliver is married to an iraq war vet - they met when she hid him and his crew from security during the 2008 rnc !	i like how it's important that we know which football team he and his father support .
2 a football team tells you a lot about a man . for example , now i know he is a liverpool supporter , i know that he is accustomed to	as an american dating a liverpool fan , thank you for this valuable knowledge .

1 the domino's pizza logo has 3 dots because that's how many stores there were in 1969 . they planned to add a new dot for every store that opened ,	i thought the craziest thing about domino's was the brother who sold out his half for a second-hand vw beetle .

1 the yakuza operate openly in japan : they have offices , make charitable donations , and even have large investments in mainstream companies	itt : redditors who think this means the yakuza shit sunshine and rainbows , and not that it means japan has questionable law enforcement .

1 the rate of ptsd in adults who were in foster care for one year between the ages of 14 – 18 was found to be higher than that of combat	do we have a ratio of those who received foster care during that age range to those who later join the military ?

1 : mark wahlberg once assaulted and blinded a victim of the vietnam war .	the guy was already ( partially ) blind .

1 when 6 - year old adam walsh ( the son of america's most wanted host john walsh ) was murdered in 1981 , the police investigation was so inept that	decapitate with a machete ? ! oh my god that's horrible . :(

1 in 1955 after a crash involving a jaguar and mercedes that left 84 dead during the le mans race , mercedes withdrew and offered jaguar to do the same .	this title is completely editorialized . the crash was not the jaguar driver's fault . the car behind the jaguar is at fault for not anticipating the situation or handling
2 imagine being on the highway . imagine you don't have room to change lanes . you and the guy in front of you are going 70 mph . the guy	sounds like a normal day of driving in the bay area .

1 some game companies made the game harder if it was pirated rather than implementing drm	probably the best known game who did this of all being gta iv where having a pirated copy made it so that you'd always drive in the drunk driving mode

1 the city of kennesaw , georgia has a law that all families must own a gun .	i live nearby , go to school at the local high school , and my dad grew up there when they put the law in place . it was more

1 in 1948 a dc radio station asked ambassadors what they'd like for christmas . the french ambassador said " world peace " , the russian said " freedom from the	[ crystalized fruit for the lazy and curious . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Candied_fruit )

1 conservative radio show host mancow muller had himself water boarded in 2009 in protest of it being considered torture . after six seconds of being water boarded he immediately changed	everyone should go through this , when they decide that something is not painful / bad / torture etc . props to him for going through with it and changing
2 this it reminds me about how all cops must be tazed / maced before they are permitted to carry a taser or mace .	does that mean they need to get shot before they can shoot anybody ?

1 there is a robotic head of philip k . dick on the loose . it was lost in an airport in 2006 .	ama request for the man with phillip k . dicks head .

1 samuel l . jackson was mentored in his early career by morgan freeman	read this as monitored .

1 radiotrophic fungi exist which can transform gamma radiation into chemical energy . they were found inside the chernobyl nuclear plant .	what a useless link . someone beat you to it but you don't want to look like a reposter ?

1 on veteran bbc reporter john simpson's first day on the job , he was punched in the stomach by prime minister harold wilson .	he also ' liberated kabul ' , travelling ahead of the allies ' front line wearing a burqa . http://www.theguardian.com/media/2001/nov/14/terrorismandthemedia.broadcasting

1 the movie ' predator ' was written in response to a joke that since rocky balboa had no earthly opponents left , he would have to fight an alien if	and die hard was supposed to be a sequel to the schwarzenegger movie commando .

1 chloroform isn't good for kidnapping - it takes at least five minutes of inhaling an item soaked in chloroform to render a person unconscious	not to mention the likelihood of brain damage .

1 once you've solved 5,472 , 730,538 games of sudoku , you've solved ' em all .	sweet , i only have 5,472 , 730,536 to go .

1 " 3 ninjas " was the most profitable film of 1992 because of its small budget .	i remember memorizing most of the movie from watching it so many times . this and tmnt 2 : secret of the ooze .

1 the man third in succession for the presidency of the united states once pried a live grenade from his arm after it had been blown off and then continued to	after he got home , he walked into a barbershop in oakland * in a ribbon-encrusted uniform , * with a hook where his hand used to be . he
2 that barber clearly did not know who he was speaking with . it's a good thing mr . inouye seemed like he was in a good mood that day or	> ... or there might not be an oakland at all today . we can still dream ...
3 i am not an american , what's wrong with oakland ?	their baseball team is usually pretty bad .

1 in the uk , there are road cameras that photograph cars . from the photos ' time stamp data , the average speed of any given car between two points	the one in the thumbnail isn't an average speed camera - this is just your standard flasher . not fond of these as they just cause people to slam on
2 [ these ] ( http://i4.dailyrecord.co.uk/incoming/article2091950.ece/ALTERNATES/s615/average-speed-cameras-2091950.jpg ) are the average speed ones , they are a bit annoying . i have to go through miles of them whenever i go past	you can avoid them if you [ change lanes ] ( http://www.standard.co.uk/news/drivers-can-avoid-speeding-ticketsby-changing-lanes-7190770.html ) .
3 hm ... a story from 7 years ago , seems rather improbable they wouldn't have fixed that .	white cars are harder to pick up – the computer just can't detect where the number plate is . if you've got an all white car you're good to go

1 the reason why action figures in the 60 ' s were 11 inches and the same action figures in the 70 ' s shrank to 4 inches was because of	oil is $ 51 per barrel , where is my 6 ft g . i . joe ?

1 wyclef jean sat through 2 girls 1 cup without looking away or showing any apparent reaction , all while eating corn on the cob	i kept reading that wiki page , and i have to say , i feel like 1 guy 1 jar means something totally different to me than it does to

1 25 years ago on this day a us guided missile cruiser attacked a civillian iranian airliner killing all 290 passengers including 66 children . us government never apologised for this	ok , so next up on the " terrible things from countries ' pasts " - germany ! or maybe , france ! how about spain ! reddit isn't the
2 > ok , so next up on the " terrible things from countries ' pasts " - germany ! or maybe , france ! how about spain ! funny ,	the history channel is about ghosts and sasquatch anymore instead of wwii documentaries . the biggest person in the room doesn't have to be held accountable for anything because no

1 singer chris brown appeared in court in 2012 with his lawyer regarding his probation after assaulting rihanna . brown attempted to address the court but was interrupted by his lawyer	> brown's mother said brown " has never , ever been a violent person , ever " " other than the time he repeatedly beat that woman's head into a
2 sad thing is his father used to beat his mother so even if he himself wasn't violent then his actions as an adult are the result of growing up in	no , his actions are his own and he is responsible for them .
3 so you're saying child abuse has no bearing how a person may become an abuser themselves later in life ?	it definitely has a bearing , and a big one , but at the end of the day the only person responsible for our actions is us .

1 queen ( the band ) is the only group that has had all of its members compose multiple # 1 hits , so in addition to the band being inducted	brian may , phd , should also be in the physics hall of fame . his work is excellent on a very specialized subject : a survey of radial velocities
2 i could be dead wrong but i don't know on any other famous band where one of the members has serious academic contributions . tom lehrer's the closest thing i	dexter from the offspring went down a similar path with his phd , stopping half way through when the band really took off . microbiology was his field and he

1 don king has killed two men . he shot one in the back who had robbed his illegal gambling house and later stomped an employee to death over $ 600	who the fuck gives a shit about don king

1 a scientist once wore glasses with flipped lenses so everything was upside down . after a while , his brain flipped the image so he could see normally again .	this reminds me of the smarter every day bicycle .

1 the hacker kevin mitnick was kept in solitary confinement for 8 months because " law enforcement told the judge that he could somehow dial into the norad modem via a	his books art of intrusion and art of deception are really good reads . if i remember , he prefaces one of them by saying the claim of him launching

1 when asked about his participation in ' jaws : the revenge ' , michael caine famously replied " i have never seen the film , but by all accounts it	england had an * * 83 % freaking percent * * income tax for top earners ! ?
2 america has some of the lowest income taxes in the world . if more american knew that you guys would probably be having a different conversation on spending vs debt	income taxes at all are a relatively recent invention .

1 as of the 1830 ' s there were 3,775 black slaveholders who owned 12,760 slaves	sometimes when a male slave was freed if he had enough money he could buy his wife and kids back .

1 hitler never regarded the chinese and japanese as inferior to the aryans . he thought that " their past history was superior to our own "	just as i always suspected . hitler was a weeaboo .
2 he really seems like the kind of guy that would have a secret magical girl anime collection stashed somewhere .	a shame he never got to saw attack on titan , an entire race of white aryans living within walls and the only minority left is one japanese girl named

1 many of rodin's most famous works , including the thinker , are actually enlargements from a single sculptural piece , the gates of hell	i used to hang out at the base of the gates of hell and read dante's inferno . one time , some friends of mine and i got drunk on

1 when the life board game debuted in the 1860s , it included spaces for suicide , prison , poverty , and disgrace .	if they were still there today , poverty and disgrace would get you your own reality show .

1 nightcrawler from x-men was originally supposed to be the offspring of mystique and another female mutant named destiny . mystique would have taken the form of a man and impregnated	that's some roman / greek god shit right there .

1 at the premiere of beethoven's 9th , police had to break up the applause , as the amount he was receiving was considered inappropriate for a private citizen	he was also completely deaf by that time--he had to be turned around to know that people were applauding . apparently , upon seeing the crowd's reaction and not being

1 lamborghini gallardo was used by italian police to transport body organs for transplantation .	because helicopters don't exist in italy .
2 to be fair , a gallardo has a higher top speed than your average police helicopter and it's acceleration is much higher . obviously a heli is better for long	i like the part where you forgot traffic and other cars exist .
3 also the fact that lambos have a great habit of * trying to fucking kill you * . although as long as your organs were intact ...	lambos have never been famous for trying to kill you . especially not the gallardo which is basically a giant audi with a lamborghini engine in it . modern lamborghinis

1 if you don't identify as an " extrovert " or " introvert , " you might be an " ambivert . " an ambivert is moderately comfortable with groups and	i'm an agnostivert . i'm not quite sure what that is but i'm it .

1 time passes in the judge dredd comic in real time , so as a year passes in real life a year goes by in the comic . the first dredd	one of the other cool things about the dredd universe is that there are no retcons , anything that happens is one of the comics is canon indefinitely . this
2 does this mean stalone is canon ?	no , there * was * a couple of short lived stories based in movie continuity , but we don't talk about those anymore .

1 female penguins , even when in a committed relationship , will exchange sexual favors with strange males for the pebbles they need to build their nests .	club penguin is now going to be flooded with dudes saying " i got pebbles , babe "

1 mj was a fan of weird al's , but specifically requested he not parody " black or white " because he felt the message was too important .	plus , no one could top in living colors parody . " am i black or white ? ( i don't know ) "

1 adult luna moths develop without a mouth , their only purpose is to mate within their 7 - day lifespan . after which they die of starvation .	that's a shitty evolutionary flaw .

1 george foreman has made more money selling his grills than for his boxing career in which he was a 2 - time heavyweight champion	the lean mean fat-reducing grilling machine . that's my grill ...

1 playboy refused to print richard thompson's list of best songs of the millennium because he took the task literally and chose songs dating back to 1068	i'd like to see this become a spotify playlist .
2 as would i , i agree with him , you can't have the best songs of the millennium without including the whole millennium	kinda like the whole miss universe debacle .

1 weird al's parents both died on the same day of carbon monoxide poisoning . only hours later , he performed a concert and started by saying " since my music	# # # [ link to shatner interview with weird al ] ( http://youtu.be/jdUYo7KNyfM?t=3m32s )
2 / u / williamshatner is the last person i'd thought i'd watch interviewing al ... @_ @	... your comment is on topic , and within the time it took to login and reply your downvotes went from 6 to 15 , and a fellow asked you

1 iron man three sets up the origin of man-thing	sadly probably just an easter egg .

1 no physical clone trooper armor was ever produced for star wars prequels . every clone trooper was cgi .	begun , the clone wars war has .

1 in 1992 , james may inserted a profanity-laden hidden message across 82 separate pages of autocar magazine . no one at the magazine noticed , and he was only fired	profanity laden ? this should be good ! > arse [ ... ] ( http://weknowmemes.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/mother-of-god-meme.jpg )
2 pardon my french , but op is full of bullroar .	and how many times has this been til'd ?

1 tom waits was arrested in 1977 outside of a coffee shop in los angeles . waits and a friend were trying to stop some men from bullying other patrons .	what happens when you mess with the biggest mafia in the us .
2 nothing happens because the charges were dropped and he sued them for 7500 and won ?	the $ 7500 was paid by the taxpayers .
3 omg ! ! you mean someone whose salary comes from tax payers might work in a capacity for a city or state agency which is also funded by tax payers	i am glad that i could help guide you to such an important revelation . the joy i see in your slightly-less-ignorance-dulled eyes warms me to the very cockles of

1 salvador dali had a purported phobia of female genitalia	i met a chemistry professor in college that developed the same fear and he proudly said that it started from having too much knowledge ( he's a bacteriologist ) and
2 every inch of everything is covered in germs . he's got other issues	and that's exactly why the other professor teased him . i guess in his mind that area was more of a problem than the rest of the body and his

1 every paramedic in iceland was trained in pittsburgh	that's because iceland has a smaller population than the metro area of kalamazoo .

1 mr . t was paid to assassinate someone . he refused and tried to warn the victim but was too late .	> in july 1976 , tureaud's platoon sergeant punished him by giving him the detail of chopping down trees during training camp at fort mccoy in wisconsin , but did
2 i wonder what the major was thinking when he saw 70 fucking tree's laying on the ground , thats just ridiculous lol .	he probably thought , " okay , okay , we'll let him keep his giant blue ox as a pet ! "

1 even though detroit is just across the river from it , windsor , ontario has one of the lowest murder rates in all of canada .	the river is rarely swimmable due to the strong current ! gun regulation and economic condition are major differences !

1 mythbuster's jamie hyneman ran away from home at the age of 14 and then hitchhiked all over the us . after that he is now a certified diver , wilderness	how a man that industrious ends up in a beret , i'll never know .

1 since 1945 , all british tanks have come equipped with tea making facilities	wouldnt that just be a kettle ?

1 robin williams attended juilliard but dropped out his junior year because his teacher , a renowned actor / producer , told him that there was nothing that he could learn	what about making those connections with your like minded peers and the networking and all that , i thought that was one of the main advantages of going to any

1 the btk killer sent a letter to the police asking if his writings could be traced to him if they were put on a floppy disk . the police answered	he lived slightly less than an hour south of us , so it's scary that this infamous dude was so close . had he gone on technical forums to ask
2 he was born in 1945 . he was 60 in 2005 . that's why .	i had to turn in my cs programs in college on floppy in 2005 , shit was still fairly standard

1 shakira was banned from her school choir because her music teacher didn ’ t think she could sing and ' sounded like a goat '	was this the choir at the jelly school ?

1 when queen wanted to release " bohemian rhapsody " , various executives told them that a song with a length of 5 minutes and 55 seconds was too long and	which is absurd because the seven-minute album version of the doors mega hit , " light my fire " played in 1967 , and richard harris's " macarthur park ,
2 don't forget that a 7 minute long song called hey jude was # 1 for 9 weeks in the us in 1968 .	let's not forget that not only did the edited 5:04 minute version of in-a-gadda-da-vida get airplay , but the 17 original minute album version did as well .

1 frank sinatra has three stars on the hollywood walk of fame . one for film , one for music and one for television .	all my friends think i'm weird because i fucking love frank and the rest of the pack . i'm 18 , just born into the wrong generation .
2 same except for the wrong generation bit . i'm 19 . but i am glad that i can listen to all of the great music from previous generations as well	you have a good point .

1 a koi fish , named " hanako " , was owned by several individuals over many years and lived to be 226 years old , dying in 1977 .	there needs to be a hayao miyazaki movie made about that fish .

1 the novelist stephen king said that professor umbridge from the harry potter series is the " greatest make-believe villain to come along since hannibal lecter . "	not sure if i agree with that , but i do know that every time i see her and that creepy smile behind the madness , i want to punch
2 very few characters have ever succeeded in making me actually physically angry the way she does . shes just so . fucking . infuriating . several times while reading book	admiral cain of bsg

1 john young smuggled a roast beef sandwich into space .	it's actually corned beef
2 damnit . i feel like a noob .	sorry man but how can you even begin to compare a roast beef sandwich to the delicious , tender , slow-cooked perfection of corned beef ... ? unacceptable really ..
3 what can i say , roast beef was on my mind when i posted this ... it always is ... * mmmmmmm roast beef sandwich *	i think we can all agree that a toasty , beefy sandwich his on all our minds now . also , i can't believe that genius bastard enjoy the heavenly

1 the pilot episode of lost was so expensive ( ~ $ 14million ) that the network president was fired for greenlighting it .	braun wasn't just the network president who greelit it , the whole show was his idea
2 um ... the whole show was jj abrams idea .	the initial idea was to do a " survivor " type drama . it was written , it felt bland , so they hired abrams and lindelof to spice things

1 in 2003 dave grohl was on the top of the billboard modern rock chart for 17 of 18 successive weeks , as a member of three different groups	" you know you're right " by nirvana ( drummer ) " all my life " by the foo fighters ( guitar , vocals ) " no one knows "
2 forgot about queens of the stone age . though it was probot . now im disappointed .	i didn't think probot was mainstream enough . they were a seriously kickass band though .

1 tim curry was almost the 8th doctor	unfortunately , tim curry had scheduling conflict , as he had committed to be [ grand wizard ] ( http://profile.ak.fbcdn.net/hprofile-ak-snc4/41815_2452575052_3974_n.jpg ) .
2 that's the grand wizard . :D ( sorry to be pedantic , it was one of my childhood favorites . )	oh man , i can't get anything right . looks like i'm the worst witch .

1 the " rib " in the biblical story of adam and eve may actually be a mistranslation of a euphemism for the baculum , a bone found in most mammals	" an soeth adam then gaveth the ol ' bone to eve and she saith ' yes , daddy giveth to me again ! . ' "

1 christopher nolan's interstellar is the only film in the top 10 worldwide box office of 2014 to be wholly original--not a reboot , remake , sequel , or part of	why do people act like they care so much ? this has pretty much always been the case . and while nolan isn't a franchise , he's certainly a brand
2 tbh i didn't know it was a nolan movie until the credits at the end . then told myself " oh that's why it's so awesome . " so i	you might be the only person in the world , though . there was a lot of buzz and buildup about nolan's next big project .

1 joe foss , a wwii congressional medal of honor recipient , was nearly not permitted to board a flight in 2002 at age 86 because airport security didn't know what	did they think it was a throwing star ? an 86 year old grand master ninja could wreak all kinds of havoc with that .

1 there are more slaves now than at any point in history , even though slavery is illegal in all countries .	if you make slavery illegal , only criminals will have slaves
2 i think laws regarding slavery should be left up to the states .	leave it up to the cities .

1 as a child , stephen king apparently witnessed one of his friends being struck and killed by a train , though he has no memory of the event .	so stand by me was pretty much inspired by this i'm guessing ? from wiki i'm reading the original king book was called " the body "
2 probably not exactly considering no one gets hit by a train in the body . i have heard tell that the leeches on the penis scene actually happened in his	ray brauer , or whatever , does , though . right ?

1 - most of the smoke billowing up from a space shuttle launch is not exhaust . it is water vapor from the pool of water under the shuttle designed to	> during launch 300,000 u . s . gallons of water are poured on the launch pad . there's a really cool slow-motion [ video ] ( http://youtu.be/DKtVpvzUF1Y ) of
2 holy shit , i was not expecting the narration . on top of probably being the coolest thing ive ever seen , understanding what exactly was going on made it	was that peyton manning ? i think it was peyton manning . holy shit !

1 in 1979 president jimmy carter was attacked by a rabbit while fishing alone in his hometown of plains , georgia	if that were vana'diel , he would be dead ... stupid rabbits

1 some cuban cigar factories employed a " lector " who would read newspapers , political treatises and classical literature aloud to help break the monotony of the cigar-rollers ' work	this was a common practice in a lot of manufacturing industries , for instance cobbling , in the centuries before industrialization . it has been argued by some that this

1 consuming a polar bear's liver will kill you because of it's toxic levels of vitamin a	that is good to know if i ever get stranded any place where polar bears roam and i'm hungry enough to try to attack one .

1 lego has no military related sets because the inventor's policy was to not want to make war seem like child's play	did everyone forget how menacingly realistic [ this badboy ] ( http://puu.sh/e0GM1/e178a96d79.jpg ) was ?
2 now they have these [ newfangled ] ( http://i.ebayimg.com/00/s/NzM4WDkyOA==/z/3W4AAMXQlgtSxWnc/$_35.JPG ) ones that actually shoot the stud .	eww
3 ewwwwwwww something is different and better for the new generation than it was for me ewwwwwww	yeah , your opinion is more valid than his . shame him for it ! / s

1 , initially , the roswell ufo incident was almost immediately dismissed and forgotten until the national enquirer ran a story on it in 1980 .	roswellite here . i have a hard time believing this , as most of my family that has lived in roswell before 1980 have always known about it , and

1 a reddit user , named alan schaaf , created imgur . he created it because the available image hosting services sucked at the time .	i never would have thought there'd be a day where this was a til .

1 the mexican state of yucután got its name when a spanish explorer asked a mayan what the land was called and he answered " i do not understand you "	[ the conversation . ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WTr5TkwdQd0 )

1 neil flynn , who played janitor on scrubs , would improvise in the role so often that once the screenplay said ' janitor : whatever neil says '	it's scrubs week in / r / todayilearned ! !
2 it's better than our weekly " what's sex like " day on / r / askreddit .	which is why i loved the one week of " no sex-related posts allowed " . it was a glorious week . we need to do that again .

1 during a lecture , an oxford philosopher made the claim that although a double negative in english implies a positive meaning , there is no language in which a double	when it comes to double negatives , english is like math .

1 the infinite monkey theorem , stating that monkeys with typewriters and enough time could produce the entire works of shakespeare , has been tried out in real life . they	i recently read the book [ " s . " by doug dorst and jj abrams ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/S._(Dorst_novel) . was really fucking amazed until i read the wiki article

1 during wwii , british intelligence leaked falsified information implying that v - 2 rockets were overshooting london by 10 to 20 miles , which made the germans undershoot and miss	i know now that germans were capable of doing same great stuff and because of v - 2 we went into space and took first photo of it ;) ...

1 during the irish potato famine a group of native americans sent $ 710 to help the starving nation .	good guy native indians , scumbag english .
2 except of course that the irish potato famine was caused by irish merchants profiteering , and there was no lack of potatoes at all . the english just stood by	and it just so happened that the irish protestant ascendancy was ( largely ) directly descended from british aristocrats

1 south africa manufactured mdma in large quantities to be used as a potential crowd control agent .	mdma as crowd control ? what a riot .

1 a retired major general suggested in 1935 that wars could be avoided by drafting the upper class before the rest .	strong college freshman presence on reddit
2 i hate political posts here . the tils are basically lib shit circle jerks .	isn't it obvious that we just need to put every declaration of war up to a national vote and anyone who votes yes should be put up for the draft

1 ryan white , an hiv / aids spokesman in the 80s , was expelled from middle school after contracting hiv from an infected blood transfusion . 117 parents and 50	he was a courageous young man who made people start to see that anyone could get hiv / aids - - it isn't the " gay " disease that it

1 billionaire j . paul getty refused to pay $ 17m ransom for his kidnapped grandson . when the teenager's severed ear arrived , he agreed $ 3m but only paid	that's how the rich stay rich

1 there was a flying animal that was sometimes larger than a giraffe . meet quetzalcoatlus .	scumbag evolution makes present-day animals boring

1 jim carrey is a death metal fan and was the reason cannibal corpse appeared in ace ventura	for a second i thought it said " jimmy carter is a death metal fan , " and all was right in the world

1 declawing cats is legal in most us states but forbidden by the eu	ok , don't attack me , but growing up my family always has declawed cats . my parents would declaw them when they were kittens . always indoor cats .
2 i wouldn't say your family is evil , just a little misinformed . declawing isn't really a necessary procedure and doesn't need done unless your cat has severe behavioral issues	as many in this thread have pointed out , not all cats can be trained to not claw .

1 jerry lee lewis courted so much controversy by marrying his 13 year old cousin at the age of 22 that he went from playing $ 10,000 concert halls to $	hang on , can you legally marry a child in the us ?
2 i think in certain states you can do it with parents consent . why would parents consent ? money , i guess ?	most states have fixed this now . so that the minimum age is 16 even with parental consent . two states have lower ages with court approval .

1 when the 14 minute video of " thriller " was first released , mtv had to run it twice an hour to meet demand	the same thing happened with november rain . eleven minutes long , played twice an hour .

1 on a trip to china , prince philip joked to students that " if you stay here much longer , you'll go slit-eyed . " after initial concerns of offense	prince phillip to an australian aboriginal " do you still throw spears at each other " ...

1 12 cyanide pills were kept in the cockpit of the enola gay , and pilots were instructed to take them if the mission was compromised during the bombing of hiroshima	what would that have achieved ?

1 during the black death in england , physicians would cut pigeons from breast to back , break them open and apply them ( while still alive ) to the buboes	curious as to what people will say in 400 years time about our current knowledge of health .
2 " they had the technology to clone organs and make cybernetic implants , but instead chose to spend resources on 80 billion dollar aircraft carriers which were sunk by 10,000	hahahahahahaha , the thought of the chinese army being able to take over anything is laughable . sure , they have numbers , but many of them are untrained rice
3 i for one welcome our new - oh stuff it you have no idea what you're talking about .	the chinese military is no where near as dangerous as china wants you to think . seriously , a good portion of their reserve units have no idea they're even

1 jocelyn bell burnell , the astronomer to discover pulsars , was denied the nobel prize in preference of her thesis supervisor ; a man who believed they were caused by	sexism at work .
2 i don't think it's sexism as much as it is a batshit crazy advisor .	it's neither . the principal investigator of a project is traditionally the one who gets the nobel prize , you can't give it to everyone involved , especially on large

1 china has a law that requires every citizen over the age of 11 to plant at least one tree per year . as a result , china currently has the	very progressive

1 koi fish can live for centuries . the oldest lived 226 years before it died .	there was one or more largely the size and color of a traffic cone in the pond on my college campus , i have no idea how it got there

1 despite its reputation , the black widow spider's bite very rarely kills humans and has accounted for 0 deaths despite nearly 2,000 bites annually .	the red back spider , the australian version , wont kill you any more duw to medical advances , but will cause you enough pain to curse the day your

1 when buddy holly died , his pregnant wife first got the news through the tv , and the shock caused her miscarriage , leading to the policy requiring families to	" caused her miscarriage " . in all my years as a practicing physician , i've never heard of emotional distress causing a miscarriage . nor is there evidence to

1 not only are rob mcelhenney and kaitlin olson ( mac and dee from it's always sunny in philly ) married in real life , but they even own a bar	no one else is wondering how he lost 23lbs in a month ?

1 in wisconsin , you can can go into a bar at any age and drink , so long as you're with a consenting parent , legal guardian , or spouse	i really don't have the legs to can can .

1 in 1979 in sweden , a number of people called in sick with a case of " being homosexual , " in protest of homosexuality being classified as an illness	symptoms include cocks

1 jackie chan is a trained opera singer and has released 20 albums	in this world there is a certain trend : if one is a badass in movies , he is probably also a badass at singing .

1 for over an hour on february 7th 2008 , comcast accidentally broadcast porn instead of cartoon network in nashville , tennessee . in another incident , comcast replaced disney channel	[ they also aired porn during the 2009 super bowl in arizona during a touchdown ] ( http://gizmodo.com/5144199/prank-of-the-year-comcast-tucson-airs-graphic-porn-during-super-bowl-nsfw )
2 * * [ nsfw ] * * link to video of incident : http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=0c4_1233598904 * * [ nsfw ] * *	that camera man sounds like boffy rox .

1 prior to 1920 some adults successfully mailed their children - with postage affixed to clothing - via the usps . the theory was that children were under the 50 lb	[ here is some additional information [ ( http://www.snopes.com/photos/people/mailingchildren.asp )

1 pamela anderson is canada's " centennial baby " , having been the first baby born on july 1 , 1967 , the 100th anniversary of canada's official founding	where are the pictures in this thread ?

1 hitler had a jewish-austrian doctor who didn't charge hitler's family due to their economic hardship , because of this hitler showed his " everlasting gratitude " by never sentencing him	the doctor didnt charge him ? he obviously was not a real jew .

1 lawrence of rome was sentenced to die by being roasted alive . after a while of being seared over burning coals , he told the executioners " turn me over	doesn't this very article lead to the debunking of this account ?

1 of the tallest tsunami in history . it was 1,706 ft , taller than the empire state building , and it killed ... two people .	yeah but i bet it killed the shit out of them .

1 woody allen's son ronan farrow , a former child prodigy that now works as a special adviser to secretary of state hillary clinton , is disgusted by his dad marrying	well on his way to being his own grandpa though , so at least he's got that going for him .

1 in 1975 , a 15 - year-old girl was beaten to death , with the primary suspects in the murder being kennedy-cousins thomas and michael skakel . although michael skakel	he is not in jail today . money talks .

1 in the 1896 u . s . election , william mckinley won despite the fact that he campaigned from the front porch of his home in ohio while his opponent	after the anarchist leon frank czolgosz shot mckinley , the crowd subdued him and began to beat him severely . the wounded mckinley shouted * * “ boys ! don
2 did a report on mckinley . he was really a great man	i wouldn't say that selling your soul to pullman and carnegie makes you a great man .
3 the way he interacted with people made him a good man .	hitler was great with people . extremely charming and charismatic man . are you saying that charisma equates virtue ?

1 in the 1600 ' s london was plagued by an attacker who would grab unaccompanied women , lift their dress , smack their bare bottoms and yell " spanko !	[ reminds me of the japanese prank kancho : is a prank performed by clasping the hands together in the shape of an imaginary gun and attempting to insert the
2 http://i.imgur.com/WXwnBDJ.gif	/ r / retiredgif
3 first time i've ever seen it , and i've seen more gifs than i will ever admit publicly .	retiring a gif isn't an insult , it's an honor . he's saying that the op used this gif in the best possible context , and that we should stop

1 ronaldo has now scored 200 goals in 197 appearances for real madrid	why do you guys think messi and ronaldo have these crazy scoring records ? is it down to the quality of the opposition , or are they just that amazing

1 , in the aftermath of katrina , the neighboring town of gretna , whose levies held , turned away refugees from new orleans at gunpoint	our entire society is just a few meals away from murdering each other
2 i have argued before that the social fabric is incredibly thin . we live a grand illusion . man can revert to primitive and instinctive behaviour in a heartbeat under	notice how gangs and mafias generally divide across racial and family lines , and they would rather kill each other than work out deals like real businesses do . we

1 while wearing a tuxedo , it is improper to wear a watch .	if you listen closely , you can hear everyone on mfa * ( / r / malefashionadvice ) pretending they already knew that . ^ edit : ^ i'm ^
2 can i ask why everyone hates mfa ?	also if you're a bigger guy their advice typically centers around losing weight , not what clothes you can wear .

1 when hunter s . thompson died , his ashes were shot out of a cannon by johnny depp to the tune of " mr . tambourine man " by bob	oh what a man he was . he obviously inspired my user name :)

1 there is a town in the uk that publicly weighs their mayor before and after their term to ensure they haven't gained weight at the taxpayers ’ expense . if	has to be something entertaining to do in high wycombe . the town is a depressing hole of deprivation and 60s architecture ... set in a beautiful rolling green landscape
2 don't worry about disparaging comments made about any british location . i was raised in medway in kent - if you try and compliment the place you seem to get	had the same when i went out of medway for uni . godforsaken place , largely , but it's home !

1 although the song " lucy in the sky with diamonds " by the beatles is a song about lsd , the fact that the song's title can be abbreviated as	and john prine swears up and down that the song " illegal smile " isn't about getting high . i guess what i'm saying is that , no matter what

1 the largest private donation to japan after the 2011 earthquake / tsunami came from jackie chan	stay classy lloyd's of london .

1 if you turned the rubik's cube once every second it would take you 1400 trillion years to go through all the configurations . if you had started this project during	so [ this guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vhTMm85G9GE ) could do it during lunch ?

1 zelda fitzgerald threw herself down a flight of marble stairs at a party because f . scott fitzgerald was talking to another girl .	for all we know the fall was an accident . as the old adage goes , " bitches be tripping . "

1 bayer lost the rights to the brand names " heroin " and " aspirin " as punishment for german involvement in wwi . as a result they are now generalized	i get the feeling they werent to broken up over losing ownership of the heroin brand name .
2 i don't know about that ... heroin is more popular than ever .	is it coming back in a big way ?
3 it has , yes . without getting too off topic , i work in the drug treatment field and heroin use has exploded over the last 10 years . it's	yeah it's terrible to be addicted to opiates . i was starting down that road but i was able to cut down enough .

1 johnny knoxville is the result of " significant inbreeding " . this was discovered by a genealogist he himself hired .	erm yeah ... but a small consolation to mr . knoxville is that both egyptian and hawaiian royalty practiced this ancient use of inbreeding . cats too .
2 and targaryens	and the lannisters too , apparently .
3 well , there's a ( somewhat reasonable ) fan theory that they're one in the same .	eh , i don't subscribe to a + j = t or a + j = j & c .

1 the afc west is the only division that does not have super bowl win in the 21st century	the nfc west has sure lost a lot of super bowls in that time . also the most appearances of any division ( which is strange ) , tied with
2 the entire nfc west has lost a super bowl in the 21st century . we all share that pain .	one of us ..
3 you mean two . we lost 2 of them this century .	jokes on you we've only lost one ! i'm gona go cry now

1 nestlé aggressively distributes free formula samples in developing countries till the supplementation has interfered with the mother's lactation . after that the family must continue to buy the formula since	which is why my family has boycotted the company since the 80 ' s
2 [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Nestl%C3%A9_brands ) is a convenient wiki article listing ~ ~ all ~ ~ * * a selection of fairly well known * * nestle owned brands	i like drumsticks too much to even consider it
3 well , i guess that humans in africa can suffer so that you can eat some fucking ice cream .	try to take milo away from australians .

1 experts consider one of jupiter's moons to have serious potential as a host for extraterrestrial life	i'd be concerned about jupiter's gravitational forces ripping that moon to and fro like a yo yo

1 as the roman empire crumbled , conservative romans blamed the situation on society abandoning its traditional gods and following christianity	bill oreillus was a very famous leader in the fight against the war on saturnalia .

1 the words lieu ( in place of ) and tenant ( holding a position ) are combined to mean " holding in place [ of a higher ranking officer ]	the word for lieutenant in arabic is " mulazzam " ( obviously phonetic ) . which uses the prefix mu for not and lazzam meaning necessary . thus the title

1 the beatles have sold more records than bob marley , tupac shakur , nirvana , the beach boys and kanye west combined by over 30 million units	anyone tripping over how few albums beyonce has sold ? i thought she was the queen of pop . shes just under bruno mars who put his first album in

1 one of the originally pitched names for hannah montana was alexis texas .	okay someone needs to make a subreddit for all the possible hannah montana alternatives ill start : jane maine

1 tim duncan of the san antonio spurs sacrificed money and stayed in college for four years instead of going directly to the nba because in her last days , his	love this guy . honorable thing he did . good guy for sure .

1 male semen has significant health benefits for women including working as a natural antidepressant , reduction of breast cancer , etc .	imagine being a test subject for that study .
2 go on ..	and the most apropos username award for today goes to you ! thanks for the laugh .

1 in deus ex , which was released in 2000 , the world trade center towers are missing in the ny missions . during development the developers justified this by stating	life imitating art ?

1 the 1992 comedy " my cousin vinny " is so well regarded in the us legal community that it is frequently used in law schools to demonstrate courtroom procedures such	two utes

1 e . t . , blade runner , star trek ii : the wrath of kahn , poltergeist , and the thing were all released on the same month and	goonies & amp ; top gun released the same day . i can remember getting an argument which was better . both iconic .

1 homefront , a video game released in early 2011 , based on a war against a north korean global power , has so far successfully predicted both the year of	loved the game . wish they expanded on the story though .
2 right ? i bought the game purely for the story because of who wrote it , was loving the plot , then suddenly wham ! it's over . too short	final level was balls to the wall though .
3 that's why the cliffhanger confused me so much . i honestly didn't realise it was about to end until the camera started pulling upwards . my gf walked in on	i still have dreams of connor running away from me with that flare ... i try to stop him but ... he won't listen ... * sob *

1 in fucking , austria , the only reported crime has been the stealing of their road signs . in an effort to save money replacing road signs , a vote	before i realised it was the name of the town , i thought you were just angry at austria . > gah ! ! look what happened in fucking austria
2 lol how tho ? " fucking " is capitalized for a reason	op should have phrased it differently : til fucking austria only has one reported crime : stealing of road signs .

1 if some nfl teams don't sell enough tickets for a home game they wouldn't broadcast the game within a certain radius of the stadium so people nearby would have to	in baseball those are called blackout regions . http://assets.sbnation.com/assets/1256829/MLB_Blackout_Map.gif

1 if actor randy quaid steps foot on american soil again , he will be arrested and prosecuted .	if he needs the dough , he can always guest star on supernatural or something ...

1 in 2007 richard hammond left his porsche 911 stuck in traffic to run 16 miles home in 2.5 hours for his daughters birthday . awesome .	did he fight gangsters , nazis , and cops before ultimately dying in a hail of bullets at the end of a pier ?
2 upboat for ' falling down ' reference , great movie .	we had a poster for that movie in my grade 8 classroom , this was way before columbine .
3 i have an original poster for falling down	do you have it on vinyl ?

1 every purple heart awarded by the military since 1945 is one of the 500,000 purple hearts manufactured in anticipation of u . s . casualties resulting from the invasion of	learning about atomic energy theories now in class . what power ! ! !

1 coffee loses caffeine as it roasted , so a dark , " bold " cup of coffee actually has less caffeine than a lighter roast .	1.37 % vs 1.31 % doesn't really seem like a big difference , does it ?
2 that's 4.4 % less caffeine . if you're drinking 20 cups a day , that's almost like missing a full cup's worth of caffeine .	if you're drinking 20 cups a day , you can drink one more .
3 if you're drinking 20 cups a day , you've probably lost control of your life .	here to confirm . it took me a while to break my 20-30 cups / day of coffee habit i built up by my last year of college . i

1 income tax was ruled unconstitutional by the us supreme court in 1895 .	this is like saying til the supreme court ruled that " separate but equal " was a fair policy . sure it is true they did , but legislation over

1 the disappearance of saturday morning cartoons is due to an fcc mandate requiring networks to air educational programming on saturday mornings . many networks abandoned cartoons altogether for news programming	i remember one saturday morning , i waited alllllll morning to watch the one and only episode of the incredible crash dummies .

1 hitler had a jewish doctor who didn't charge hitlers family due to their economic hardships . hitler labeled his doctor as a " noble jew " and made sure the	and people say hitler was a bad guy .
2 hitler did nothing wrong	boy do i feel thirsty now .

1 dr pepper is the oldest soda that's still selling in the us , and is a year older than coke	vernor's is the oldest . 1866 nearly twenty years older than coke or dp . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vernors
2 can we trust you ? are you a doctor ?	[ dr . love ] ( http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=qHpeWAnncv8 )

1 roller coaster tycoon was programmed by one guy . in assembly .	can someone explain what it means to " write in assembly " . all i can take away that is that its really hard and complicated .
2 in most programming languages you can write something like : if ( person.money > = umbrella.cost ) { person.buy ( umbrella ); } assembly is just a bunch of cpu	interesting . this probably accounts for the immense difficulty of using a memory editor to change game conditions .

1 when the world cup was hosted in the united states in 1994 , they only spent $ 30 million on infrastructure improvements . for the 2014 world cup , brazil	to be fair , they can't do * anything * without spending , like , a brazilian dollars .

1 steve jobs died because he refused medical treatment for his cancer . instead , he tried a vegan diet , acupuncture , herbal remedies and other treatments he found online	med student here . not to be insensitive , but if you're diagnosed with pancreatic cancer , you're pretty much a goner .

1 a tsa officer once let the ceo of sega through saying : “ i don't need to see your passport . you're the asshole that gave away shenmue to xbox	that's hilarious and sad at the same time , but goddamn unprofessional .

1 samuel l . jackson got rid of his stutter by developing an affinity for the word " motherfucker "	i have a slight stutter , and work in a customer service call center ... i somehow don't think this method is going to do the trick for me xd

1 the nazis planned to have the native americans rebel against the us government , after which the nazis would give the native americans back their land .	i'm a native american and my great grandfather fought for america in ww2 along with many other natives . he was a code talker
2 so you're a navajo , right ?	half yes , i was raised on the reservation and have the paperwork to say i'm halfblood navajo .
3 i feel like you being raised on the the reservation is what makes you distinctly navajo , no matter what your blood is . but i'm just some rich white	yes i can definately see that , my dad being from norway married my mom and lived with us here on the rez , he was quite welcomed and accepted

1 in 2011 , the entire country of armenia lost internet access for 12 hours after a woman in georgia broke a fiber line with her shovel .	my county in mississippi lost power for an hour today because a squirrel decided to cook himself .

1 developers of atari were not getting enough credit for the atari 2600 success , so instead , they disbanded and created activision .	and a great evil was born .

1 , michael richards , kramer from seinfeld , holds the highest honor as a freemason	master mason here . there are 3 degrees in masonry . if you join scottish rite , there are " higher , honorary degrees " , however , the 3rd
2 i too am a master mason and i don't know why people would down vote you . i also have my 32 degree but the third degree is the highest	i've heard reddit obscures the votes ? it's possible too , that facts are far more boring than making jokes about illuminati etc ...

1 suge knight's girlfriend who was about to testify against him disappeared and hasn't been found since 2008 . when all charges were cleared suge knight said " god is good	i have always wondered why anyone hasnt killed him yet ...

1 marvin gaye gave his father the gun that killed him as a christmas gift	what was the last thing marvin gaye's father said to him ? hey marvin , i've got this 45 i want you to hear .
2 well i don't mean to ruin your joke , but it was a 38 not a 45 .	we'd be ok if there were 38rpm records ...

1 clocks today move clockwise because sundials were first used in the northern hemisphere .	related fact - " clockwise " was historically " sunwise " tangentially related fact - " counter-clockwise " was historically " widdershins "
2 that's an odd name . i'd have called them " snazzwozzers " .	[ a bimbly-bumbly handsy tumbly ! ] ( http://i.imgur.com/icRy8.png )

1 in 1994 pearl jam helped kick off a justice department antitrust probe into ticketmaster , so tickermaster hired a law firm with partners posted in the doj anti-trust division .	oy . today you learn , yesterday i lived it , every day on mtv news with tabitha soren or kurt loder .

1 as pandas are biologically carnivorous and derive little energy from bamboo , they eat between 20 and 30 pounds of bamboo a day . consequently , they also defecate up	they are typically as slow and intelligent as a pile of rocks . red panda's on the other hand are smart and can move pretty fast .

1 when smoking tobacco , taking short quick puffs has a stimulating effect , while deep puffs induce sedation .	does this apply to vapes as well ? i mean it's still nicotine , only through a different delivery system .

1 the mona lisa was painted with eyebrows and eyelashes , but they disappeared over time , possibly the result of over-cleaning .	or a thyroid condition .

1 although the all-seeing eye was a real freemasonry symbol , it has zero connection to the illuminati except in modern conspiracy theory	op confirmed for illuminati . illuminati plz go .

1 sir george everest opposed the naming of mount everest in his honour because it could not be translated into hindi or pronounced by the native people .	i don't get it . it's not like everest means anything in english either . it's just a sound . they say the sound , and bam it's now a

1 in 1959 , a white author underwent skin treatments to appear african-american , hitchhiked around the pre-civil rights south to experience hatred and racism firsthand , then wrote a bestselling	ok , in all seriousness ( i don't want to sound like a douche here but i probably will ) , how have you never heard of black like me

1 there's a parasite that can " hijack " the brain of invertebrates , amphibians , and mammals	all hail the mighty brain slug

1 british journalist jon snow seriously considered assassinating idi amin while sat next to him on a plane .	itt : game of thrones references .
2 so that's what all the nonsense is .	.

1 fast food restaurant ' nando's ' will allow anyone to eat free for life if they can prove they have been to every nando's restaurant in the world .	yeah except by the time you goto the next one after you've gone to the last one they have like 5 more opened up

1 a 4th and 5th installment of mad max are coming up , with the 4th , " mad max : fury road " , coming out as soon as 2013	not only that , but the cars already look completely fucking insane : http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-TLMfzgRRw_I/T-25asQ5nSI/AAAAAAAAAbQ/74-xFR7dN4w/s1600/mad_max_fury_road_car.jpg

1 in the men in black comics they killed witnesses rather than erase their memory	i own these . very awesome series .
2 i know the guy that illustrated them ! pretty awesome .	that guy is my uncle ! :P do you live in pei ?
3 holy shit . indeed i do .	well ... it's not a hard guess . sandy lives on pei too .

1 adam west , clint eastwood , and burt reynolds were all offered the role of james bond , and all declined , believing james bond should always be played by	stringer bell for the next james bond . ( idris elba )

1 the infinite monkey theorem , stating that monkeys with typewriters and enough time could produce the entire works of shakespeare , has been tried out in real life . they	they clearly had neither enough time nor enough monkeys . i think the idea behind the theorem is that a given combination of characters will be randomly strung together eventually

1 before a game larry bird told chuck person that he had christmas present waiting for him . while person was on the bench bird shot a three pointer right in	[ yes ] ( http://d22zlbw5ff7yk5.cloudfront.net/images/stash-1-507dee67cc8d2.gif )

1 in wwii , partially due to america's ship-building rate , advances in radar technology , as well as cracking the " enigma code " , german u-boats had a 75	pretty sure the main part was the enigma code cracking .

1 velociraptors were actually two feet tall and covered in feathers .	sounds like a two foot turkey

1 in 1976 the mego corporation rejected a deal to make star wars action figures , saying it that they would go bankrupt if they made toys of every " flash	> saying it that they would go bankrupt if they made toys of every " flash in the pan " sci-fi b movie that came along . following star wars
2 gets even better ! they went bankrupt anyway lol . > in 1982 mego filed for bankruptcy , and by 1983 , the mego corporation ceased to exist under that	business , 90 % luck 10 % skill
3 100 % concentrated power of will .	100 % reason to remember the name . ... who's song is that again ? i can never remember .

1 there are only 5 countries in the world that still use fahrenheit to measure temperature , the bahamas , belize , the cayman islands , palau , and the united	the reddit measurement fight is how i remember to change the oil in my car .

1 unlike chess , professional go players overwhelmingly defeat the best computers	go is the tits . i have a go board and pieces that my grandfather was given as a gift on a business trip to japan .

1 in their 1983 film " monty python ’ s the meaning of life , " the pythons defined the meaning of life as " try to be nice to people	replace avoid eating fat with " avoid overeating "

1 pearl jam canceled their 1994 summer tour in protest after discovering ticketmaster added a service charge to the tickets .	there is a good doc on netflix instant called pj20 . do watch .

1 woody harrelson used the excuse " i was startled and thought he was a zombie " after punching a photographer in the face at an airport	imma dress up in a batman suit and run around hollywood punching paparazzos in the face and running away .

1 lego has no military related sets because the inventor's policy was to not want to make war seem like child's play	if that was the inventor's goal , i'll bet he'd be sad to learn that 50 % of all current lego sets involve star wars

1 the town fucking , austria ’ s only reported crime was theft of many fucking road signs . in ‘ 05 they were replaced with antitheft ones & cctv cameras	" australia fire control here ! " " the fucking town's on fire ! " " calm down , mate ! what's the name of the town ? " "

1 approximately 8 % of all rams ( male sheep ) exhibit an exclusive sexual preference for other rams and this preference is linked to a decreased volume of a particular	so .. does mean humans face similar circumstance ?

1 katie holmes chose to do mad money w / queen latifah instead of reprising her role as rachel in the dark knight .	clearly lord xenu squished her feeble human brain

1 actor alan rickman , who portrayed snape in the harry potter films , knew the full story of the character from the very beginning . when he was asked by	he was my favorite part of most of the films . such a measured performance that was interested and fun to watch while never being over-the-top .
2 rickman has always been an incredible , well trained actor . he knows what points to hit and how to hit them .	except for die hard . even he thinks his performance was over the top ...
3 that fall though	better than vertigo !

1 a greek prime minister in 1830 ' s tried to spread the potato in greece but people weren't interested so he put armed guards in front of shipments of potatoes	tricking the people into believing potatoes are scarce . sounds awfully familiar to diamonds ...
2 except the intent here was for them to be stolen so they would become even more common . what i'm getting at is we should all steal some diamonds .	and then plant them and grow even more diamonds !
3 actually , lab-grown diamonds are something that debeers and the other diamond monopolies are afraid of . so much so that they even have plans in place to laser-inscribe their	it might backfire . personally , if i ever buy a diamond , i would ask for proof that it is lab grown , and not natural .

1 the first emperor of china's tomb ( of terracotta army fame ) has not yet been explored . ancient historians wrote that the tomb contains rivers of mercury mechanically operated	everyone suggesting indiana jones is wrong . it's a tomb . you need a tomb raider . lara croft .

1 buckfast tonic wine ( 15 % abv ) contains the caffeine equivalent of six cups of coffee and , among other things , accounted for 5,638 crimes in three years	more caffeine by volume than red bull , and more alcohol by volume than most wines ... why don't we have this in the u . s . ? i'm
2 it has such a high instance of violent crime in some parts of scotland when you buy a bottle you have to give you name to the vendor and it	this has never happened to me , and i'm from glasgow . as much as people slag the stuff , it's not that bad .

1 during the construction of petco park , fans were allowed to buy bricks outside the stadium . peta tried to buy a brick with an anti-petco message , but failed	i wonder if they bought a brick slandering petsmart if that would have been allowed
2 petco / petsmart do either company use puppymills ?	nope . i've worked at both and we only had adoptable dogs and cats in the store .

1 people with red hair are more sensitive to thermal pain , are less sensitive to electrically induced pain , and require larger amounts of anesthetics than people without red hair	* * freaks ! * *

1 famous mathematician paul erdos was once challenged to quit taking amphetamines for one month by a concerned friend . he succeeded , but complained " you've showed me i'm not	" why are numbers beautiful ? it's like asking why is beethoven's ninth symphony beautiful . if you don't see why , someone can't tell you . i know numbers
2 liking math is like putting life on easy mode . if he was gay too then he is just playing unfair .	what ?
3 he's saying that the man was lucky to enjoy math ( because he made a job of it ) as most people don't like working on mathematics . then pointed	okay , yeah i wasn't sure what the gay part was meant to be , i've never thought of someone who was gay as being lucky .

1 richard belzer has appeared as detective munch ( best known from law & order : svu ) on ten different tv shows , from the wire to sesame street .	the character started on homicide : life on the street .
2 fun fact : that show was broadcast in ireland as ' homicide : life in america '	proof ?
3 [ proof ]	! \ poof / !

1 american conservatives consider the united states health care system as the best in the world .	is it true that the most of these conservatives have never left the town they were born in and are somewhat clueless about the world outside of the county they

1 the yin yang symbol was used on a roman shield 700 years before it appeared in china .	thank you vsauce , thank you .

1 when lawyer jack thompson found out you can kiss other guys in the t-rated game bully , he wrote a letter to the esrb about it saying " good luck	esrb pres seems pretty chill .

1 elvis presley flew to denver and back one night just to pick up a fool's gold loaf : an 8,000 calorie sandwich made from a hollowed out loaf filled with	" david alder's book contains a detailed account of the event that made both elvis and the fool's gold loaf sandwich famous . " i mean ... i'm fairly sure
2 did he do something else ? i've only heard of him in regards to sandwiches .	before that , he was well known in mexico as a professional wrestler . his name was actually el ves , meaning " the ( one who ) he sees
3 / r / shittyaskhistorians	new favourite sub material right there .

1 billionaire j . paul getty refused to pay $ 17m ransom for his kidnapped grandson . when the teenager's severed ear arrived , he agreed $ 3m but only paid	there was once a billionaire called j . paul getty , and he was an asshole . not a very productive day so far . edit : grammar

1 : in 2011 drug cartel kidnapped hundreds of innocent bus passengers in mexico and made them fight to death like gladiators . the winners were sent on suicide missions	well , that sure was a brutal read .

1 the inspiration for the episode " bart sells his soul " came from an experience greg daniels had in high school when he convinced a bully to sell him his	> he did it again until he realized the only person who ever profited on souls was satan . i dunno . the vatican has a lot of wealth .
2 what's your point ?	that they seem to be making a lot of money off of this soul stuff .

1 the man third in succession for the presidency of the united states once pried a live grenade from his arm after it had been blown off and then continued to	one word : humbling .

1 tom cruise lived in ottawa during his childhood	as did tom green .
2 i could have been wrong and crazy but i could swear i passed him on elgin street in friday night .	he was indeed in ottawa this weekend , went to al's steak house actually ( on elgin for those who don't know ) .

1 has antimicrobial properties that reduce the viability of bacteria and fungus in the human ear .	god how satisfying does that image look ?

1 : in the late 19th century the feminist movements in both europe and america were decidedly anti-condom . feminists wanted birth control to be exclusively in the hands of women	/ r / tumblrinaction over 100 years before tumblr .

1 4chan tracked down the identity of a cat abuser after the 14 y / o uploaded a video on youtube resulting in his arrest	4chan also stole a skull from the catacombs in italy and fucked the eye socket . the world is a wierd place .
2 the website didn't do that , a single person did that and then posted it on the website .	that can be said for everything " 4chan " did .

1 only 37 % of the american population have passports , while 75 % of the uk's population have passports .	makes sense . not much of a reason to leave america . in europe you can hop on a train and end up in 20 different countries . but in

1 the forbidden fruit was never identified as an apple in the original hebrew texts .	figs ?
2 could be . [ god hates figs ] ( http://godhatesfigs.com/ ) .	? fig trees that never bear fruit maybe .

1 ( till as late as ) 17th century europe , nannies commonly used masturbation to put their young male charges to sleep .	i want a nanny from the 1600s ..
2 a fat woman with calloused hands and boils on her flabby tits that has yet to learn the concept of hygiene ?	considering that your wealthy dad probably picked the nanny .. i wouldn't worry about that too much .

1 after merriam-webster added " mcjob " – defined : a low-paying job that requires little skill and provides little opportunity for advancement – to their dictionary , mcdonald's asked for	merriam really fucked up websters dicitionary
2 it was always called merriam-webster . the modern dictionaries just called " webster " have nothing to do with the original merriam-webster and are just cashing in on name recognition	[ ^ ^ ^ woosh ! ] ( https://i.imgur.com/KEIdrsX.jpg )
3 damn he missed the joke so bad it turned back time to 2003 !	dat orbit .

1 : the ramones debut was only certified gold in april 2014 , 38 years after its release and three months before the final member on the album died .	that's hard to believe being how influential they were . you still hear their music everywhere...movies/commercials/covers/ . great band ... they will be missed .
2 hell i have more than one copy of the album . with all the remasters bonus tracks and what not . the others albums have to be gold its shocking	the old saying about that album ( vu and nico ) is that it didn't sell that many copies , but everyone who bought a copy went on to form
3 the saying was by brian eno , and was in reference to the 30,000 copies that were sold of the original release , which made it a huge bomb ...	thanks for filling in the details i couldn't remember ! i can't believe that album only sold 30,000 copies in its original release . it's such an amazing work of

1 when chamillionaire asked michael jordan for a pic , jordan responded with " i ain't taking pictures with no n * ggas . "	i guess mj never took a selfie then

1 the next generation of tank armour will consist of an outer and inner metal shell and a capacitor . the incoming round will connect a circuit as it impacts the	with technology , nothing will be worth fighting for

1 a man who gave away his fortune to charity also donated a kidney to a stranger , noting that the chances of dying as a result of the procedure were	this is the plot of ep . 3 of house's final season . the case house is trying to solve features this guy as the patient . the line about

1 spaghetti marinara wasn't invented until the new world was discovered , since tomatoes came from the aztecs . before that , pasta was eaten plain with no sauce ... with	a guy on europe decided to prove tomatoes weren't poisonous and wouldn't kill you . so he sat down in town square and ate a bushel . then the towns
2 that's what happens when you get high on europe ?	europe is a helluva drug .

1 vampire bats practice " reciprocal altruism . " if one bat couldn't find food , it will beg others , and they will share . also , if a bat	more evidence that morality is an evolutionary adaptation , nothing more .

1 andrew jackson was challenged to a duel by charles dickinson who was considered an expert shot . jackson allowed him to fire first hoping his aim to be spoiled by	andrew jackson cheated in a duel , and lied about his tactics . all because multiple people had ( rightfully ) insulted his ' wifes ' current situation .

1 when the vanessa williams miss america scandal was breaking , hugh hefner was offered the nude photos . he turned them down saying " there was never any question of	yeah , that's bullshit . they weren't selfies . it was a heavily staged photo-shoot by a professional photographer , with props , an expensive set , another model .
2 did she sign a release ?	if she didn't , the photographer was a fool . what good is a production like that if you can't sell the product ?

1 elvis presley flew to denver and back one night just to pick up a fool's gold loaf : an 8,000 calorie sandwich made from a hollowed out loaf filled with	" david alder's book contains a detailed account of the event that made both elvis and the fool's gold loaf sandwich famous . " i mean ... i'm fairly sure
2 did he do something else ? i've only heard of him in regards to sandwiches .	i believe he also did some karate .
3 " it's called karate , man . only two kinds of people know it , the chinese and the king . and one of them is me . "	did anyone understand a word he was saying ?

1 after the titanic sank , the families of the band members were billed by white star line for the cost of the uniforms worn as the band members died .	so the real question is how you bold the * * fuck you * * reply over a telegraph .

1 : when asked about atheists pope francis replied " they are our valued allies in the commitment to defending human dignity , in building a peaceful coexistence between peoples and	as iron sharpens iron , so one man sharpens another .
2 iron doesn't sharpen iron . you need a material harder than iron to sharpen iron . [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sharpening )	hot iron bar , vs cold iron hammer and anvil disagree .

1 jason lee divorced , and cut off all contact with , his first wife after she read an anti-scientology book	the , title , narrated , by , christopher , walken .
2 walken doesn't , pause , after , every single word ... it's just more frequent , than a normal ... cadence , with odd emphases	i , don't , care .

1 : when the apollo 8 astronauts were sued by an atheist activist for reading from genesis in lunar orbit , the supreme court threw out the case . their reason	i'm not religious , but what a dick . it's up to the astronaut to say what the fuck he wants , it's not like he was ordered to say
2 actually almost everything they said from the moon was thought about and practiced in great detail including teaching astronauts to more poetically describe the lunar landscape . that said i	buzz aldrin took communion / the eucharist on the moon and read out loud some verses , but they muted him during that time for the fear of uproar that
3 people didn't like catholics much back then .	he was a presbyterian , iirc . almost all christians observe the eucharist but disagree with it's meaning .

1 r . norris williams survived the titanic sinking but spent so much time submerged in the icy atlantic that doctors wanted to amputate his legs on rescue ship carpathia .	to be fair , it was only the us tennis championships . now if he had won the wimbledon ...

1 patrick stewart lost all his hair at 18 and believed that no woman would ever be interested in him again	well ... can it be safe to say he understands his fans ?

1 disney is developing a stand-alone film featuring boba fett , which would take place either between a new hope and empire or between empire and jedi .	not sure if i like this or not . i'd much rather have some kind of prequel about han solo before he met luke skywalker .

1 honda fit was originally called fitta but was later changed to fit because fitta literally meant cunt in some markets	cunt

1 during world war 2 , us troops would use the word " lollapalooza " to root out japanese spies . anyone who pronounced the first two syllables as " rorra	i expected alotta " thats so racist " comments .

1 both nikola tesla and thomas edison turned down the nobel prize because they refused to share it	edison can get fucked . tesla is the real brains

1 pablo picasso , living in nazi-occupied paris , suffered harassment from the gestapo . one officer allegedly asked him , upon seeing a photo of his painting guernica in his	it sounds like we were lucky none of his paintings were destroyed then ...
2 especially because hitler had a real hardon for expressionist art , he called it " degenerate art . "	[ well we all can't live up to the artistic genius of hitler , painting houses and shit ] ( http://www.bytwerk.com/gpa/hitlerpaintings.htm )
3 i'd be happy to be able to paint as well as hitler . those aren't bad paintings , just very uninspired and boring . the last one i almost liked	yeah it's not bad , but it lacks a certain psychotic je ne sais quoi inherent in his later work .

1 at one time the us army used color blind people to spot camouflage colors that fooled those with normal color vision	now that's a great idea . i guess colorblind people have excellent night vision as well .

1 " wkrp in cincinnati " recorded on videotape rather than film because it made the music licensing rights cheaper	ah , wkrp man , that stuff was the shit .

1 the lakota people that saw dances with wolves laughed at costner because he was speaking the female-gendered version of the language .	great movie .

1 to get the role of jim morrison , val kilmer learned 50 doors songs . he sung them so well that when they heard him sing them , the real	kilmer and kyle maclachlan as ray manzarek were the best parts of that film . shame they couldn't have had those performances in a better movie . it's not terrible
2 what irritated me was that the crazy voodoo woman he " married " was one of stone's primary technical advisers even though she seemed completely off her rocker in the	patricia kennealy ? yeah . and she wasn't happy with how she was portrayed in the movie . i guess you gotta go with the people you can get for

1 robin williams originally rejected the role of the genie in aladdin until he was shown an animation of the genie doing his own stand-up routine .	i need to see this
2 reddit , bring this to us , please ! !	yeah someone's got it . give up the goods , motherfucker !

1 if detroit was a country , it would have the fourth highest murder rate in the whole world .	if someone who was murdered counted as an entire country , they would have the highest murder rate of all other countries .

1 mother teresa did not administer painkillers to those infirmed in her homes for the dying ( one could " hear the screams of people having maggots tweezered from their open	read what christopher hitchens wrote about the woman . it's horrific . once the halo is removed , you are left with a sadist .
2 that guy has an axe larger than the planet to grind against her . much of what he has asserted has be debunked .	by whom ? the catholic church ?

1 e . t . , blade runner , star trek ii : the wrath of kahn , poltergeist , and the thing were all released on the same month and	i saw all of these movies in the theater , but don't remember them being the same month . i had a busy month i guess !

1 the concorde supersonic jet stretched during flight due to the heat it generated . on its final flight the crew placed their hats into a crevice in the floor which	that's pretty cool and all , but why hats ?
2 not sure , possibly because their wives would be pissed if they sacrificed their lunch pails .	or their dicks .

1 : while shooting the lord of the rings , viggo mortensen ( aragorn ) often spent days hiking to the film's remote locations , in costume and carrying his sword	the actor who played boromir was afraid of helicopters so he hiked up the mountain each morning to the shooting location . edit : hey look we made it to
2 sean bean is afraid of helicopters ! ? do you have a source ?	if you [ died in every movie you were in ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zEhtsgu6bJg ) , you might grow a little paranoid too . ^ edit : ^ mo'better ^ link
3 he also played richard sharpe - i think that balances things out .	who ?

1 the drummer from the hit 90s band " nirvana " is also the lead singer of the foo fighters	lol . kids today . you get a pass because you were but a young tyke when nirvana ceased to exist .
2 no i wasn't . i remember the day that kurt cobain committed suicide .	well then , i'm sorry that you did not know this . need a hug ?

1 in 1987 , a prison inmate broke a glass partition and knocked out the lights in a visitation area to have sex with a woman who was visiting him .	accidental sex is the worst

1 : dr . seuss was confronted by a feminist who stated there are no strong female roles in his books . he then remarked his characters are animals , and	ummm ... their names give a pretty good indication of gender .
2 " heard you talking shit like i wouldn't find out . " - a guy named susan	destroyed .

1 a mcdonnell douglas f - 15 once shot down a satellite .	i probably should have submitted the article about the [ missle ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ASM-135_ASAT#Test_launches ) that was used instead - it goes into a little more detail about the shootdown

1 a man named rodney fox needed over 450 stiches after a great white shark punctured his diaphragm , ripped open his lung , broke half of his ribs and fully	i read about this in a shark book , the pictures are available with a quick google search . pretty gruesome .

1 when chamillionaire asked michael jordan for a pic , jordan responded with " i ain't taking pictures with no n * ggas . "	i wish i had seen this earlier . i have a complete opposite story than most about mj , but it is too long to see it buried . bummer

1 a fortune cookie company once got the lottery numbers right , resulting in 110 winners and an investigation	the lesson here is , if you're going to buy a lottery ticket , never use fortune cookie " lucky numbers , " because those exact same numbers are being
2 bad news honey , we're going to have to split our lottery winnings .. damn you fortune cookie ! !	there was this guy , he played his ~ ~ wife and ~ ~ * and his wife's * lucky numbers at one point in the week , forgot he
3 there was also that redditor who bet his crazy wifes kid or something and ended up winning .. i don't remember the exact details , or care to hunt the	didn't realize you could bet * live * children ...

1 in old english , ' man ' was a gender neutral term . males were known as ' wermen ' and females were known as ' wifmen ' .	i'm not really sure where you got " wermen " from . wer meant man , wif meant woman . the plural of wer was weres , and the plural
2 [ i've seen some references to werman and wifman around ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/wifman ) , but no doubt you're right . people seem to gravitate towards single-syllable words , which	yeah wifman was definitely a thing . werman i'm still iffy on . interesting how man just meant the pronoun one , as in " one does not simply walk

1 blazing saddles is considered " historically significant " by the library of congress because it was the first film from a major studio to have a fart in it	[ more facts about farts for those interested . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q7YpCar_Z-4 )

1 mall of america is owned by canadians	minnesota , canada , they're aboot the same , eh ?
2 please don't insult our canadian friends like this ...	i hear canadians are afraid of the dark

1 snooki from jersey shore was paid $ 32,000 to speak at rutgers university . some students were upset and thought the money could have gone to a better speaker .	wow , that makes rutgers look really stupid .
2 oh , thank you . the action of one individual group that had no gauge on the wants of the general population of 40,000 students got a worthless speaker and	you are welcome . rutgers just screwed up . the number of possible colleges keeps going down in the big 10 . no one wants to go to pen state
3 you honestly believe that no one wants to go to rutgers because snooki got paid to entertain there ?	yes

1 as a child elon musk was bullied so severely he once had to be hospitalized because of a beating from other students	see , this is why bullying is important !
2 beat the genius into them	really gives it a nice , smokey , emotionally traumatic flavor .

1 harvard earns enough money on interest from its endowment that it could offer free tuition to all students and still make profit on the interest .	those liberal selfish commies ! - - - where is the distribution of wealth ? ?

1 doritos were created at disneyland in an attempt to use up old tortillas that would otherwise be thrown out .	the real thing to take away from this is ... clam chowder doritos .
2 churritos	aaand i spat my tea . thank your for the laugh mate .

1 magpie attacks in australia have led cyclists to put spikes on their helmets .	australia : yup , even the magpies try to kill you !
2 yet australians live on average 40 months longer than americans	well just this morning a mockingbird tried to kill me . nature needs to chill out .

1 the yin yang symbol was used on a roman shield 700 years before it appeared in china .	: people will make a til when vsauce makes a new video !

1 in 2002 a retired marine corps general defeated an entire us naval fleet in a simulated wargame by using old methods like motorcycles and light signals .	... motorcycles ? i'm confused .
2 there should be a " couriers " somewhere in the title . i don't care how badass of a general you are , you cannot sink a carrier with a	rico can .

1 the wife of disgraced enron ceo ken lay , linda lay , sold roughly 500,000 shares of enron 10 to 30 minutes before news about the collapse of the company	skilling got a reduction on his sentence down to 10 years and will be out of jail in 4 years despite being involved in one of the largest criminal conspiracies
2 > one of the largest criminal conspiracies of all time . which was ... ?	9/11 obviously ...

1 shakira was banned from her school choir because her music teacher didn ’ t think she could sing and ' sounded like a goat '	shakira had a well-trained music teacher . edit : thank you for the gold , kind stranger ! i am eternally grateful ! :)
2 i would hate having to conduct a choir with shakira in it . i can think of exactly zero people who could blend with her . dear op , choirs	implying op disagreed with the music teacher .

1 it's a scooter's or motorcycle's insufficient mass of metal , not its weight , that keeps it from alerting a traffic light to its presence	i'd heard that you could help trigger the detector by attaching a strong magnet to your motorcycle frame to generate the required magnetic response

1 hitler loved pranks . he once tricked a high ranking nazi into thinking he was going on a suicide mission , causing him to escape , hand himself over to	hilarious !
2 you're missing a t there .	well that was a missed opportunity

1 goldeneye 007 was developed by an inexperienced team ; eight of its ten developers had never previously worked on video games	that is so amazing , this game is my childhood :D the multiplayer was so ahead of it's time

1 seth macfarlane was only 24 when he started family guy , becoming television's youngest executive producer .	except maeby ...

1 the king family ( mlk's family ) has charged the foundation responsible for building his monument in dc over $ 800,00 to use his name and likeness .	i'm sure this is the dream he was talking about .
2 they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their coffers .	little black trust fund boys and trust fund white girls will hold hands as sisters and brothers .

1 in 1916 a miscalculation of montana's population led to 40,000 men being drafted into the 1st world war ... 10 % of the state's population .	ten percent of the total population ? isn't that about 100 % of their draft aged men ? edit : wwi us draft age range was 18-45 , so probably

1 , when a pope dies , it is tradition to strike him three times on the head with a silver hammer to ensure he is actually dead .	id love to be the guy that holds the hammer .

1 after mick jagger rang up bandmate charlie watts during the night and asked " where's my drummer ? " watts got out of bed , shaved , dressed in a	when watts punched him he told him : " don't ever call me your drummer again . you're my fucking singer ! " / headline restrictions .
2 thanks for tacking that on . i don't suspect most people realize how insulting it is for an instrumentalist to be patronized by a vocalist like that . and he	kind of makes me feel bad that i only know the lead singers from most groups most of the time and never recognize a change in instrumentalist .
3 it's hard to notice a change in the rhythm section unless you listen really closely . a lot of drummers sound the same , and with guitarists / bassists ,	lots of rock is heavily guitar driven and a change will be obvious . compare the first several styx albums to later ones , or old deep purple to more

1 over 90 % of pregnancies in the united kingdom and europe with a diagnosis of down syndrome are terminated .	> when non pregnant people are asked if they would have a termination if their fetus tested positive 23 – 33 % said yes quite a discrepancy there .
2 a lot easier to say you wouldn't until its actually happening to you . until the prospect of spending the rest of your life pretty much full time caring for	it's difficult to be told that your baby will likely die by the age of 30 , and require care their entire lives .
3 > it's difficult to be told that your baby will likely die by the age of 30 the life expectancy is now around 50 years . > require care their	no it doesn't even the highest functioning downs patients are unable to live unassisted .

1 troy mcclure and lionel hutz were both retired from the simpsons after their voice actor , phil hartman , was murdered . philip j . fry was named in his	newsradio , how i miss thee .
2 bill speaking to mathew --> did i ever tell you about the work i did for the cia ? bill was the shit in news radio .. i kinda blame	andy dick got him killed inadvertently didn't he ? a friend of phil kicked his ass later for having told him something along the lines of " i put the

1 during a legendary party at the us ambassador ’ s house in moscow , trained seals galloped free throughout the house after their trainer passed out drunk .	a party is only legendary when you have rampaging seals ~ ~ running ~ ~ sliding amok .
2 do _seals_ run tho ?	seals run . . . but i can't fathom why seals would be in moscow . . . other than to party their asses off , galloping through the ambassador's

1 paris hilton's grandfather donated 97 % of the hilton family fortune to charity and is embarrassed of his granddaughter	his daughter really did fuck up their family name , what an unfortunate thing .

1 milk must be offered in every meal in a us school district if the school wants to get reimbursement from the government .	there are a lot of things that school lunches are required to have in them ; doesn't mean they're necessarily as healthy as they're legally intended to be .

1 the nfl is legally required to keep the browns , bengals and steelers in the same division regardless of future alignment plans	so afc north is basically the " browns & enemies " division ?
2 i'd say the brown's biggest enemy is the ravens ... i know the steelers are their biggest rival , but i'd be so pissed at modell at that team if	i think * everyone * in the afcn's biggest rival is the ravens .
3 ours is the steelers .	just casually reading the through the comments the spit out my soda when i read this one . its okay , you don't owe me for the second monitor ,

1 : a year before thomas mueller earned the golden boot at the wc 2010 in south africa , he played in the 3rd division in germany .	pedro and busquts were in the 3rd division about 22 months before their 2010 wc win as well .
2 they were in the 3rd division with barcelona .	muller with bayern ...

1 russia and usa are only 3.8 km apart at the nearest point	" the diomede islands — big diomede ( russia ) and little diomede ( usa ) — are only 3.8 km ( 2.4 mi ) apart " that's the islands
2 correct . and there is fuckall on big diomede and a village of fewer than 100 people on [ little diomede ] ( http://www.ktuu.com/image/view/-/30219410/highRes/2/-/maxh/480/maxw/640/-/wrc8ou/-/Diomedevillage-big-jpg.jpg ) . little diomede is also	i wonder why people live there . maybe fishing ?

1 at age 24 , thomas müller has now scored 8 goals in 7 world cup matches .	world cup's ronaldo

1 when einstein was told of the publication of a book entitled , ' 100 authors against einstein ' , he replied : " why one hundred ? if i were	this is interesting : em . lasker was world chess champ and a mathematician who got his phd under hilbert . and he was friends with einstein . but he
2 that's weird . i thought that the speed of light comes out of maxwell's equations ?	http://www.chessgames.com/player/albert_einstein.html?kpage=16 has brief explanation .

1 poison dart frogs are poisonous due to the diet . frogs raised in captivity are not poisonous .	so if i eat what wild poisonous dart frogs eat , i will become poisonous ?
2 you'll probably just die .	... and then become poisonous , so it works .
3 we did it reddit !	well done , everyone . take a well earned break .

1 beck wrote and composed all of the songs on his grammy award winning album of the year ' morning phase ' whilst also playing over 15 instruments and singling vocals	... so like every other beck album ever ? the dude is considered by many one of the most talented musicians of our time .
2 why does he have to be a scientologist :(	i don't like to judge people for their beliefs , but ...

1 the usa has provided nuclear weapons for belgium , germany , italy , the netherlands , and turkey to deploy and store but they cannot arm the bombs without authorization	the nukes are on those nations soil but under us control . the article states that clearly , listing what us unit has them .
2 that's how it is . a lot of german people don't like the fact , that the us maintains control of those weapons on german soil , even some politicians	to clarify : they don't like them because they are against nuclear weaponry and the risk of accidents .
3 yes , and for being a likely first strike target .	by who ?

1 if japan's 2022 fifa world cup bid had been accepted they would of developed technologies including holograms of the matches to be shown around the world in different stadiums ,	now , with qatar and all , they might get it after all !

1 a u . s . infantryman named bill millin stormed the beaches of normandy on d-day playing bagpipes . german snipers didn't shoot him because they thought he was insane	well to be fair , he did storm the beach with bagpipes .

1 elvis ' manager sold " i hate elvis " badges to make money from those who otherwise wouldn't have parted with their cash for elvis merchandise .	when all the money just isn't enough .

1 - bruce willis once bought 12,000 girl-scout cookies for millitary service members in the middle east	man , this guy is such an awesome actor and hero . how old is this guy anyway ?
2 yeah because it couldn't be a publicity stunt . no way .	ehhh you have a point ...
3 amazing actor . i have no clue if he's nice or not . but on one certain occasion he was extremely rude to someone interviewing him for no apparent reason	i bet if he has a daughter , she is probs a girl scout

1 when the current king of thailand was born in cambridge , massachusetts , the hospital room in which he was born was declared thai territory for the duration of the	canada did the same thing for the dutch crown in ww2 . the neatherlands donates a million tulips each year for the ottawa tulip festival as a gesture of thanks
2 no , they do it because " [ canada ] sheltered princess juliana and her daughters for the preceding three years during the nazi occupation of the netherlands , in	and only 20k , not 1 million :)

1 the " skyhook " device from the dark knight was a real thing , and was used in a covert operation in the 1960 ' s .	hell yea mgs 3 mo-fukas
2 you're thinking of peace walker .	snake is extracted from the virtuous mission via skyhook in the very beginning of the game .

1 the hindu religion states that science only offers a limited view of reality , but all it offers is right and correct , meaning that the religion by it's nature	can someone please come and teach all the saints and ' religious ' leaders in my country about how to use wikipedia ? actually on how to fucking learn the

1 rommel's afrikakorps was never accused of war crimes , he was involved in plots to assassinate hitler , he protested against the treatment of jews , refused to execute commandos	rommel was widely respected on both sides . im no pro natzi * nazi < sry for the epic fail > ( quite the opposite ) .. but i know
2 you're so anti-nazi you don't even know how to spell it !	depends , he may be related to aldo raine .

1 msg is not that bad for you . the public's misconception of msg is based off of one anecdotal and unscientific study .	i've always wanted to do a double-blind on this girl who gets " msg headaches " , but she won't agree to it .

1 former world chess champion gary kasparov is a supporter of the pseudohistorical theory known as ' new chronology ' , which claims that nearly everything we know about historical chronology	and i thought that homeopathy was the bottom of human stupidity ...

1 mother teresa did not administer painkillers to those infirmed in her homes for the dying ( one could " hear the screams of people having maggots tweezered from their open	bitch was so hatefull she once tried to scratch christopher hitchens

1 judith barsi , the child actor who voiced the role of anne-marie in the movie " all dogs go to heaven " , was shot in the head in her	what is this , the fifth time this is posted ?

1 " the safety dance " is a protest against bouncers stopping dancers pogoing to 1980s new wave music in clubs when disco was dying and new wave was up and	sid viscous invented pogo-ing . supposedly . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pogo_(dance)
2 [ let debbie explain it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nLKvViL8y_E )	it was " already historical " , she was just sooo bleeding edge .

1 the only japanese survivor of the titanic was branded a coward in japan for having dishonored himself by not going down with the ship .	same can be said of my relative arthur peuchen , who lived in canada afterwards , only to be branded as someone who would have said he's a fireman if

1 of the " zeigarnik effect , " a psychological process whereby students who suspend their study , during which they do unrelated activities ( such as studying unrelated subjects or	i have taken this affect to an art form . i no longer study and just stay on reddit all day . i am guaranteed to remember 100 % of

1 there was a planned , but unmade episode of doctor who in which an alien would attach itself to jk rowling and project her imagination on the real world .	as over-saturated as i am by harry potter , that would have been cooler than most of the christmas specials . really , any episode that does away with "
2 just out of curiosity , how are you over-saturated by hp ? they show the movies pretty regularly on abc family , but outside of that it seems pretty barren	poor choice of words , really . a much longer and more accurate choice of words would be , " we've lived with these characters and this universe for over
3 doctor who is 50 years old .	and he's been replaced nearly a dozen times .

1 of the 7 million boxes of kraft dinner ( or kraft mac ' n cheese for my neighbours to the south ) sold globally each week , canadians purchase 1.7	question for canadians ... do you like the powdered cheese or the cheese goop more ? personally , while i find the powdered difficult to get to the correct texture

1 when genghis khan sent a trade caravan to the khwarezmid empire , the governor of one city seized it and killed the traders . genghis khan retaliated by invading the	for anyone interested in the khans , please listen to dan carlin's podcast . it is an amazing ( and long ) look into their history . http://www.dancarlin.com/disp.php/hharchive/Show-43---Wrath-of-the-Khans-I/Mongols-Genghis-Chingis

1 on its way back from deployment in the persian gulf in 2002 , the aircraft carrier uss john stennis stopped in freemantle , australia , where her sailors wore out	when my ship ported in mombassa , kenya a . k . a . " the aids capitol of the world " they told us that 99 % of the
2 interestingly enough , there's only a 1 in 500 chance of catching da hiv from someone who has aids with one sexual interaction , and that is without a condom	' dat username .

1 to become a saint you must have performed at least 2 verifiable miracles .	of course the catholic church uses a different definition of " verifiable " to that used in something such as science .

1 : when asked about atheists pope francis replied " they are our valued allies in the commitment to defending human dignity , in building a peaceful coexistence between peoples and	i had to read that many times . dad says i'm just angry at god and going to hell . his pastor says i've lost the way of god but
2 * * don't be a dick * * is a good way to live whether or not there is a god or heaven or hell .	we should make a new church , the don't be a dick church
3 think we could get tax exemption at the church of don't be a dick ?	yeah

1 there were 6 assassins sent to kill archduke franz ferdinand and 1 of them threw a bomb that exploded under the wrong car . his assassination failed , he took	i thought everyone learnt about this in school ?
2 i learnt about it from reading horrible histories when i was about 8 or 9 .	me too ;)

1 until dec 2013 , mcdonald's employee help site advised workers to take food stamps , break food into smaller pieces to feel fuller , seek refunds for unopened presents ,	i wont berate a company that tried in any scope to educate people , but no praise .

1 some catholics urged pope clement vii to ban coffee , calling it " devil's beverage " . after tasting the beverage , the pope is said to have remarked that	lol what kind of coffee was he drinking ?

1 the a - 10 warthog was designed to fly with one engine , one tail , one elevator , and half of one wing missing .	known as the only air plane that has to worry about bird strikes from behind .
2 i don't get it .	it was really slow on account of how heavy the gun was .

1 when the roman emperor galba was assassinated , 120 people claimed they'd done it , in order to win favor with his successor . the successor died too , and	ahh , i miss the old days when something like this would be considered clever and a show of strength , as opposed to barbaric . how far we've fallen
2 implying that you were alive back then	i'm not implying , son , i'm telling .
3 you sodden romans had nothing on the golden horde . in those days , a man spread his seed by the sword , not just blood . you took what	a fedora appeared on my head after reading your comment .

1 gene wilder refused to watch the 2005 remake of willy wonka because he didn't want to be disappointed in johnny depp	[ here is where he gives the quote in the interview ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sFVh3jlla_c&feature=player_detailpage#t=1249s )

1 consuming asparagus affects the smell of urine , but only 22 % of the population have the gene to smell it	i knew i was special .

1 in the united states brazil nuts were once known by the epithet " nigger toes "	" once known ... "

1 the characters of terrance and phillip on southpark are a result of the creators ' response to critics who said the show was poorly animated and had just fart jokes	does explain the uncle fucker song though , a way of saying fuck you to the critics .

1 ace ventura , the mask and dumb and dumber are all movies released in 1994 .	and 1 + 9 + 9 + 4 = the number 23 ! total jim carrey mindfuck !
2 makes sense , jim carrey is the michael jordan of comedy !	i'm the michael jordan of thomas edisons !

1 all pakistani passports bear the inscription " this passport is valid for all countries of the world except israel . "	which would make pakistan one of the only moslem countries on the planet that officially recognizes israel as a country then , right ?
2 if a pakistani heard that his brain might explode .	nope still intact , infact i think we have similar workarounds involving swiss permissions etc if you really want to visit jerusalem :D

1 there is a father who has competed in hundreds of running events pushing his disabled son in a wheelchair every time .	[ photo of the team running ] ( http://sportsthenandnow.com/wp/wp-content/uploads/2010/04/Marine_Corps_Marathon_Washington_DC_19872-198x300.jpg )

1 alexander i of yugoslavia refused to attend public events on tuesdays after three family members died on that day of the week . after finally being forced to appear on	did his tombstone say " told you , assholes " ?

1 25 % of american military women have been sexually assaulted , and up to 80 % have been sexually harassed .	wow this thread ... women getting raped isn't a big deal guize amirite ! ! !

1 it's only called an acronym when you pronounce the abbreviation as a real word ( ex . nasa ) . otherwise it is known as an initialism ( ex .	you're an idiot if you just learned that . sorry .

1 doodling can aid a person's memory by expending enough energy to keep one from daydreaming . it acts as a mediator between the spectrum of thinking too much or thinking	sorry for bringing down that average .

1 when local pagans were angered by a giant figure of homer simpson that was painted next to the cerne abbas giant in dorset , uk as a publicity stunt for	[ woohoo ! ] ( http://www2.b3ta.com/fp-archive/host/7411040-1.gif )
2 wow that's a gif ... almost closed it before that beautiful shot .	wow , i was about to curse you to hell , but then it really was . today was a good day . btw , [ here's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ

1 to prevent the germans from guessing that enigma had been cracked , the british claimed to be using an infrared camera to locate u-boats . they were delighted to learn	they are devious sods the brits . my favourite ruse was the dead airman they planted in france with fake top secret invasion plans . i think that was true
2 i also heard that later , an solider was found with actual and significant intelligence on him after a battle but the germans thought it was another trick , and	an solider ?
3 an hero .	an hoagie .

1 hewlett and packard tossed a coin to decide whether the company would be called hewlett-packard or packard-hewlett . packard won the toss and put hewlett ’ s name first .	packard bell made computer cases that would put " the safe " to shame . you were lucky to get that fucker open with all your digits still intact .

1 an oregon farmer successfully grew a tomacco plant that gave off fruit for 18 months .	i am feeling my age ... i cant believe this episode is 13 years old !

1 nbc's dateline aired a segment showing gas tanks on general motors pickup trucks tended to explode on even low-speed impacts . g . m . responded with an investigation showing	> acting on a tip from someone involved with the dateline crash test , investigators with faaa searched through * * 22 junkyards * * in indiana before finding the
2 we should demand nothing less in the search of the truth , especially when it comes to ethics in journalism .	maybe chris hansen can start a kickstarter to bring awareness to ethical journalism .

1 a water bath in iran used a single candle from 15th to 19th century as the source of energy for the furnace ; the candle went off in 19th century	ummm ... no .
2 no what ?	no hot bath for you . candle out of order for next century .

1 clint eastwood was offered the role of james bond but turned it down because he believed the character should be played by an english actor .	gg clint eastwood
2 erm , call me crazy but could clint have * acted * english ?	he could have , but then all of england would have seen how much cooler british clint eastwood is than any living actual britain , and it would have resulted
3 anarchy in the uk	i would love to see clint eastwood play some kind of alternate pre-biography of johnny rotten in a post-apocalyptic , anarchy infused uk .

1 netflix created house of cards by noticing that viewers liked kevin spacey and david fincher movies .	i saw a bbc version also ... remake ?
2 yes . the bbc one is very good too . depends on what you like more . this is gonna sound really basic , but one is more american and	ill check em out . thanx

1 lego has no military related sets because the inventor's policy was to not want to make war seem like child's play	the halo set has usmc lego figures though , not sure how true this is .
2 halo sets are mega block not lego .	you right , i thought they were lego haha

1 in 2013 , a wife cut off her husband's penis and after he forgave her , she cut off his balls 3 months later .	never let your dick out of your sight in china .

1 while high profile scientists such as carl sagan have advocated the transmission of messages into outer space , stephen hawking has warned against it , suggesting that aliens might simply	probably because that's what we would do .
2 it's exactly what we would do . and just because they live in outer space doesn't mean they are any smarter than we are .	if they show up in orbit here , they're smarter than us . a lot smarter than us .
3 not necessarily smarter . maybe just an older civilization and therefore had more time to develop technology .	if they're older though chances are they've genetically engineered themselves .

1 the actress who played pussy galore in " goldfinger " took delight in embarrassing interviewers by repeatedly mentioning her character's name .	sexpun t'come

1 a siberian husky's coat enables it to withstand temperatures from - 58 to - 76 degrees ( f )	- 50 to - 60 c
2 but not - 49c ?	the minimum temperature , depending on the husky , is between - 50c to - 60c .

1 king george v's physician gave the dying king a lethal dosage of morphine and cocaine to hasten his death so that it could be announced in the morning edition of	i hope my doctor will do the same for me when the time comes .

1 the entire goldeneye 007 game on n64 is only 12 mb .	which is actually * big * for an n64 game . mario 64 is below 10 iirc , although according to wikipedia they go up to 64mb .
2 thats where the nintendo 64 gets its name from - 64mb	somebody correct me if i'm wrong , but doesn't the 64 come from the number of memory addresses it can store ( ie 2 ^ 64 addresses ) ? this
3 assuming you're not being sarcastic : it isn't how many it can store , but how many it can count up to , or " address " . this is	nope , it was an honest question . thanks for the info !

1 during the chernobyl , three engineers volunteered to dive into a pool of radioactive hydrogen peroxide with no working flashlights and open a pipe to stop the reactor from exploding	everytime this gets posted , i point out the same thing . the only source for these heroics is an article from " the scotsman " written by one stephen
2 i believe there's an xkcd about circular referencing on the internet . where's relevantxkcd when you need him / her .	http://xkcd.com/978/

1 the only japanese survivor of the titanic was branded a coward in japan for having dishonored himself by not going down with the ship .	unless all the women and children got off the boat , he is a coward .
2 fuck that noise . i'm not sacrificing my life over some chivalrous bullshit .	leaving someone to die is the same as killing them yourself . i would die because i couldn't live with that guilt . edit : actually , i wouldn't die

1 in the 1600 ' s london was plagued by an attacker who would grab unaccompanied women , lift their dress , smack their bare bottoms and yell " spanko !	that's the sort of history you usually don't expect to last 400 years after the fact .
2 i wonder if they'll be reading tils about 4chan in 400 years	that tracking down of the person who threw the kittens in the river ? that will be a til for as long as their is an internet .

1 before world war i , most people did not have or need an identity document .	well you know , except slaves ...

1 : the 2001 video game ghost recon takes place during a fictional 2008 russian invasion of georgia . in reality , russia would actually invade georgia that year .	the amount of hours i sunk into this game as a kid ..

1 in 1989 , cia original operative , wrote that in the future , world war 3 would occur when " soviet russia " dupes the united states and israel into	1989 wasn't all that long ago .
2 i was 1 .	i was - 5
3 you were food .	holy showerthought batman ...

1 in may 2011 , representatives of the ku klux klan distanced themselves from the westboro church , denouncing them as " hatemongers "	really though , in terms of white supremacist organizations , the kkk isn't that bad . they talk a lot shit , but they're a pathetic , defragmented shadow of

1 consuming asparagus affects the smell of urine , but only 22 % of the population have the gene to smell it	and here i was thinking that everyone knew about asparagus pee . it is rancid .

1 bruce banner was renamed to david banner in the 1978 tv-series the incredible hulk because cbs thought bruce sounded too gay .	joe rogan

1 dr . francis m . fesmire won the 2006 ig nobel prize in medicine for discovering how to cure the hiccups with rectal massage .	* " hmmm i have hiccups . i wonder if fingering my asshole will help . " *
2 actually , it's even worse , according to [ the actual correspondence ] ( http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0196064488805948 ) . he was treating a patient who showed up at the er with intractable	it's probably something to do with the vagus nerve

1 a " butt " was a medieval unit of measure for wine . technically , a buttload of wine is about 475 liters , or 126 gallons .	i think you mean 105 gallons . the us gallon hadn't been invented ...
2 neither was the metric litre .	which is why we still use the imperial gallon :)

1 after arriving in los angeles at 19 , a broke charlize theron tried to cash a check from her mother to pay for rent , but the teller refused .	when i get into a shouting match with a bank teller i get introduced to the police .
2 you must not be a white female .	a perfectly gorgeous 5 ' 10 " blonde female with a cute accent to be precise . correction : add to that ballet training and modeling experience . i am
3 i wouldn't mind getting into a shouting match with her .	thanks chris brown .

1 no physical clone trooper armor was ever produced for star wars prequels . every clone trooper was cgi .	it wasn't cgi that killed the prequels . you don't introduce the coolest , most badass of all badassington in the first film , [ only to kill him right
2 [ and the best actor of the series ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-pxyQe3o2NkE/ThpnVwYQ5iI/AAAAAAAAAB0/N1OvRBMn0rU/s1600/Qui-Goncloseup.jpg ) ... [ whilst keeping this abomination alive through all three episodes ] ( http://img1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20111208042120/starwars/images/4/42/JarJarHS-SWE.jpg )	to be fair , jar jar was the swing vote that let palpatine have enough senatorial power to basically start the empire - instead of killing him , they punished
3 we will now vote on the motion to make all gungan votes count as 1/3 a human's . all in favor ?	3/5 .

1 the finnish are the most promiscuous , and new zealand is the only place where women are more promiscuous than men	all the stats are upside down in nz .. :P

1 in 2004 the bus driver for dave matthews band illegally dumped 800 pounds of human waste in to the chicago river ... and ended up hitting the passengers of a	the driver of that boat was actually a member of the somethingawful forums at the time , i remember the thread about it being the reason i signed up in

1 dave grohl sent a note to two trapped miners , whom were foo fighters fans inviting them to any concert of their choice for free . he also wrote "	i didn't realise americans said yous , i thought it was an australian thing .
2 you'll hear " yous " a lot in scotland too .	i even got beat to that ! i say it all the time .

1 before the advent of elevators , the wealthiest people would live on the lowest floors . the higher the floor , the poorer the tenants .	i learned this from " a tree grows in brooklyn " they moved up stairs to save money . ( add info )

1 einstein was stopped so much in public , he would reply , " pardon me , sorry ! always i am mistaken for professor einstein . "	so i'm walking my 7 year old son to swimming lessons at the local middle school . he sees a poster of einstein ( the one with his tongue sticking
2 you know your successful when your name as become an adjective	it's still a noun , just a general one and not a proper one . you call someone an einstein . you'd never say " what an einstein person .
3 everyone calm down with all this , einstein's name is used in more ways than one , that's it . don't ted out about it	we have an important problem today that even exceeds the problem of ending parenthentical statements with emoticons . is einstien a noun or an adjective ?

1 ironically , the french flew the white flag as a symbol of military command .	and yet .. > france has participated in 168 major european wars since 387 bc , out of which they have won 109 , drawn 10 and lost 49 :
2 > france has participated in 168 major european wars since 387 bc til france as we know it existed since 387 bc .	i didn't know either . i wonder if they still spoke french . like if a french person went back in time to 387 bc would they be able to
3 probably not . i suspect the language would be a horrible mix of latin and some germanic language .	aka , french

1 knife manufacturer , victorinox , claims never to have had to lay off an employee . to avoid this they set aside profits during boom periods to supplement recessionary periods	the company also makes some of the top-rated-yet-affordable chef's knives .
2 i just got a set of these for my birthday . i call them my butter knives . because they go through everything like butter .	we use them in the meat department of a grocery store , they're wonderful knives . looking to get me a set at some point .
3 dave ?	negative ghostrider , the pattern is full .

1 a german officer asked picasso " did you do this " , when he saw a photo of the painting ' guernica ' , a painting about the effects of	that officer's name ? albert einstein .
2 he then gave picasso 100 dollars .	i really want to find the original image that started that but i can't find it anywhere .
3 http://i.imgur.com/VCSGl5Z.jpg	pretty sure the pops being cool with it along with not being able to spell " marrying " was a dead giveaway ..

1 the catholic church is the largest non-governmental provider of health services in the world .	but reddit told me they were all evil child molesters !
2 if it's any consolation , i actually checked the article and reference . the article is linked from a catholic wiki page , and the reference is a catholic news	seeing that the only way for that information to be even known is through the catholic church records they keep . that is like asking australia for americas last census
3 don't understand why you're being downvoted ... wait , yes i do . you're right , and you're being downvoted by petty atheists . edit : so am i ,	oh yea ? watch the down votes flow . romney was a better candidate .

1 in 1908 a british pub owner was charged with allowing gambling on a game of chance - darts . he brought a darts player into the court who hit any	this " story " needs to happen in the present day , but with poker . present the evidence that's shows why professionals are able to win consistently , and

1 lindsay lohan was approached to star in the hangover . she declined because the screenplay ' had no potential '	well , she was kinda right ...

1 scrooge mcduck died in 1967	scrooge died when boom ! studios comics took over the series . man , the quality went downhill after don rosa . i think after #383 the comics were written

1 you could get fined $ 2500 per egg for importing kinder eggs to the us	i declared like 10 or so eggs to us customs coming into boston and the guy was like " oh cool . " i even mentioned that i knew they

1 canada was the third country to go to space	yay ! another bronze for canada ! !
2 excellent . now stop shopping at our target stores ... joking , but if you come down here , bring beer .	* funnily * enough , the major chain " zellers " in canada is closing and replacing most of its locations with targets

1 around 50 wild yellow-headed amazons live in the german city of stuttgart , the only population outside of the americas . it is unclear how they survive the winters .	[ there are also a lot of parakeets in cologne and other european cities in the area . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rose-ringed_Parakeet#Feral_birds )

1 detroit lions kicker jason hanson has been with the lions since 1992 and still going .	with the exception of the occasional temporary fill in , the lions have only had 2 kickers since 1980 .

1 in the x-men films , camera tricks are used to make hugh jackman appear shorter because at 6 ' 2 he is almost a foot taller than wolverine is said	wolverine isn't suppose to be good looking either ...

1 there is a comic book miniseries where snake plissken and captain ron ( identical characters played by kurt russel ) team up for a heist	there used to be a redditor who was named " postspictureofcaptainron " or something like that and regardless of thread he would always post [ this picture ] ( http://ilarge.listal.com/image/4549967/968full-captain-ron-screenshot.jpg

1 mcdonald's is one of the leading contributors to deforestation in the amazon and uses questionable tactics to do so .	the demand for beef is rising which is fueling a boom in soybeans to feed the animals . much of the soy is grown in brazil . im not sure
2 why can't they just feed them fucking grass ?	because its all about the calories per square foot or per gallon of water whichever is your limiting factor . grass provides very little calories per square foot where soy
3 why don't we humans just eat the soy beans ourselves .	taste .

1 the grey affected roger ebert so much , he walked out of his next scheduled screening . " it was the first time i've ever walked out of a film	wallets ! gather the wallets !

1 the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle has an air-to-air kill ratio of 98 to 1 , the only air-to-air loss in 40 years of operation was a saudi arabian	does anyone else hate that song by montgomery gentry , " something to be proud of " that says an f - 15 got shot down ?

1 a neutron star's gravity bends light so dramatically that more than half of its surface is visible from a given point of view . in some cases the gravity can	the technical term for op's mom is " neutron star " .

1 russell brand was fired from mtv for dressing up like osama bin laden the day after 9/11 .	it is kinda funny that he had the balls to do that , but he had to have known that he would get fired .

1 , prior to world war i , sharpshooter annie oakley was touring europe . by his request , she knocked the ash from a cigarette being held by german emperor	i wonder if he held it in his left hand , just to be safe . edit : sorry , this is not a masturbation joke . his left arm
2 he was willing to hold the cigarette in his mouth before oakley convinced him otherwise . so i'm assuming he had a good deal of confidence in her abilities .	i just wonder if he would have been just a modicum less confident when she insisted he hold it instead . enough to try to make a split-second decision to

1 the navel ( belly button ) is an erogenous zone , and that when touched , creates a tickling sensation in some people's genitals .	this doesn't happen to everyone ?

1 tokyo is not japan's largest city , because it's not a city .	... and pizza is a vegetable .

1 jack ruby , the guy who killed oswald on live tv , claimed that the jfk assassination " was an act of overthrowing the government " and that he had	i don't think cancer works that way ...

1 dogfish head makes beer recipes based upon the chemical analysis of residue found on pottery and drinking vessels from various archaeological sites .	my family knows the owner , he's a really nice guy . also the dogfish head restaurant in rehobeth , delaware is really good .

1 after merriam-webster added " mcjob " – defined : a low-paying job that requires little skill and provides little opportunity for advancement – to their dictionary , mcdonald's asked for	merriam really fucked up websters dicitionary
2 it was always called merriam-webster . the modern dictionaries just called " webster " have nothing to do with the original merriam-webster and are just cashing in on name recognition	[ ^ ^ ^ woosh ! ] ( https://i.imgur.com/KEIdrsX.jpg )
3 i must have been whooshed too . what was the joke ?	he made a joke implying some schmuck named merriam bought webster's dictionary and added all kinds of junk words , whereas in reality that was never the case .

1 every winter at a research station in the south pole , 50 people are left totally isolated for 8 months . an annual tradition for the personnel is the back	sooooo ... how do i sign up ! ?

1 george foreman has made more money selling his grills than for his boxing career in which he was a 2 - time heavyweight champion	you want a real rumble in the jungle ? stack up the george foreman against the tracy jordan meat machine . meat is the new bread . there is no

1 for over an hour on february 7th 2008 , comcast accidentally broadcast porn instead of cartoon network in nashville , tennessee . in another incident , comcast replaced disney channel	stoners planning to watch cartoons that day must have thought that weed really hit them good .

1 the most common hypothesis for the cause of motion sickness is that it functions as a defense mechanism against neurotoxins . when feeling motion but not seeing it or vice	my brain thinks it's one with the vehicle and demands kerosine / petrol .

1 in 2013 a heatwave of 86 ° f killed 760 people in britain .	86 ^ o f = 30 ^ o c
2 i know this may seem low to you yanks but keep in mind that in britain every unpleasant or unfamiliar situation is dealt with by drinking hot tea . shocked	when i was deployed in the us army , i was really surprised to see british soldiers drinking hot tea in the field on days where it was in the

1 humans can survive indefinitely on a diet of just potatoes and butter	people survive on much less than that in various parts of the world .

1 snooki from jersey shore was paid $ 32,000 to speak at rutgers university . some students were upset and thought the money could have gone to a better speaker .	something happened at a college and " some students got upset "

1 the snl jeopardy sketch was created by norm macdonald purely so that he could show off his burt reynolds impression .	norm is great , but every time i see those old jeopardy sketches i remember that darrell hammond is probably the most under-rated snler . never really broke out big
2 and now norm stole his job as colonel sanders !	norm isn't as creepy .
3 he's not ... ?	* heh heeee *

1 the smallest muscle in your body , found in the middle ear , dampens the sound of your own voice when you speak . recordings of your voice sound odd	it would be cool if you could make it block out other peoples voices mom : do your chores mom : hello mom : mom : mom : mom :
2 that made me a little sad , for some reason . :/	probably because it seems like my friends do that whenever i talk
3 " friends "	" talk "

1 since its introduction in 1998 and extensive combat use , the only thing that's ever destroyed the british challenger 2 was another challenger 2 .	i heard somewhere that the m1a1 abrams has a perfect combat record is that true ?
2 not impervious , but as close as is possibly imaginable . they are so resistant to damage , that a major issue with their deployment is that they outdrive the	it's funny when you read about this and then go play battlefield where you can take out an m1a1 in about 5 shots with an rpg - 7 .

1 half of the world's roundabouts are in france	the other half , naturally , are in england .

1 bronze is generally harder than iron . the bronze age didn't give way to the iron age because iron weaponry was superior ; rather , iron was more plentiful and	but iron can be used to make steel , which is most certainly a superior metal .
2 i think i saw on an episode of mail call or something that showed a steel sword chopping at a bronze one ... they both took damage but the steel	[ it was lock ' n load ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=13LSChchCdM&feature=youtu.be&t=21m50s )

1 today i learned shirley temple is still alive , and was the u . s ambassador to both ghana and czechoslovakia .	i won't claim to be the biggest shirley temple fan , but i assumed she died in the 60 ' s or 70 ' s . for such a common
2 i too thought she was dead .	why do so many people assume this with shirley temple ? i was one of them .
3 many people assume someone is dead if they performed in black-and-white films .	i wonder who else is covertly not dead .

1 gary oldman has never won , or even been nominated for an academy award	o_o wow , really ? they guy's like daniel day lewis , only subtle . i guess hollywood only rewards spectacle ?

1 shakira was banned from her school choir because her music teacher didn ’ t think she could sing and ' sounded like a goat '	he wasn't wrong .

1 prisoners in 48/50 us states are denied the right to vote ( voting is not a fundamental right in the usa )	i completely agree with this . you commit a crime , you can't have any say so in the running of your country . seems fair . now most politicians

1 chickens will share responsibility of sitting on eggs and raising young , they let other chickens know about food before feeding themselves , and they warn each other of predators	" chickens the dumbest creatures on this planet ! they don't plot ! they don't scheme ! they are not organized ! " - miss tweety

1 during passover , coca-cola sells coke with sugar instead of corn syrup in areas with a substantial jewish population because corn syrup isn't kosher .	someone watched obsessives : soda pop .

1 the entire goldeneye 007 game on n64 is only 12 mb .	holy shit . til goldeneye's multiplayer was put together as an afterthought by * one freaking guy . *
2 temple grenade launchers / complex remote mines	a + b det or gtfo .
3 obviously . no oddjob or siberian special forces allowed edit : yes i forgot about moonraker elite girl . i never picked her because girl	were the siberian special forces short too ? i never really got into all the characters , i was that little shit that always wanted to pick bond or odd

1 during the filming of taxi driver , de niro asked cybill shepherd out on a date . she turned him down , and he did not speak to her ,	robert deniro is a passive aggressive ~ ~ bitch ~ ~ individual . girl turns down your advance so you give her the silent treatment ? wth ? how about
2 was that last part directed solely at / u / robertdeniro ?	you talking to me ? * * i am not robert deniro

1 pistol dueling with wax bullets was a popular pastime in the early 20th century and even featured as a sport in the 1908 summer olympics	curious , how did the heat from the discharge not melt the wax ?
2 try throwing an ice cube on a hot frying pan . it's the same idea .	coat the pan in oil first to make it a little more interesting

1 the chemical name for titin is approximately 189,819 letters long and can take over three hours to pronounce .	[ and here's a video with someone saying the entire thing ! ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NFR-ADakI-c )
2 [ and here is mac os saying it in less than half the time ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7F0JWhHRa8s )	this is either the worst , or best rap i've ever heard . i'm leaning toward best .

1 lisbeth salander ( girl with the dragon tattoo ) is based off of what the stieg larsson thought pippi longstocking might be like as an adult	well , she was mentioned enough times in the books ...

1 hitler was a vegetarian and against any form of animal cruelty . during movies in which animal cruelty was portrayed , he would cover his eyes and look away until	my god this gets posted a lot . am i turning into one of those " repost ! " guys now that i'm complaining about this ?

1 jack nicholson was brought up believing that his mother was his sister and his grandparents were his parents . for 37 years .	" are you my mummy ? "

1 bill nye the science guy , holds no advanced degrees ( other then honorary )	it's ok , he is an entertainer . everything he does is for entertainment he isn't a serious scientist he gets people interested in science .
2 hint : tesla had no degree at all . einstein said he studied almost entirely at home except for just before exams at his college . ie , both are	yea ... because tesla , einstein and bill nye the science guy have all basically made equal contributions to the scientific community ...

1 during the filming of titanic , an angry crew member put pcp in james cameron's soup , sending him and 50 others to the hospital	james cameron was an angry crew member and put pcp in james cameron's soup , sending james cameron and 50 non-james camerons to the hospital .

1 while wearing a tuxedo , it is improper to wear a watch .	[ citation needed ]

1 in 1979 , an unknown group of people paid for the erection of the " georgia guidestones " , 6 granite slabs that instruct the survivors of an apocalyptic scenario	drove an hour to see it ... looked cool but had paint and crap all over it from vandals . i was a little let down as it doesn't seem
2 i only live 30 minutes away but i didn't go until two years ago . it's a pretty cool place and if anyone happens to be in elberton , i	upvote for ... granite .
3 don't take it for granite .	its not your ... blind thrust fault .

1 from 1998-2006 the highest finish by a rider in the tour de france not implicated in doping is 4th .	on the other hand cycling has taken the extreme of anti doping measures now and people get banned for having trillionths of a gram of any banned substance . even
2 for those curious , the prefix * pico * denotes 10 ^ - 12 , which can be stated ( just for the absurdity of it ) as a trillionth	well considering the body doesn't produce it naturally , and there are no natural environmental sources , one in a indicates prior use just as much as one in a

1 president harding served bootleg liquor to his guests in the white house during prohibition , after he voted for it as a senator	double standards ftw ! i love it that some things dont change in politics

1 joe rogan was the massachusetts full contact tae kwon do champion for four consecutive years . by the age of 19 , rogan won the us open tae kwon do	powerful joe rogan

1 incandescent light bulbs will not be available for purchase as soon as 2014	it's already hard to find 100w incandescent bulbs . as i personlly do not like the color of cf bulbs and have found they don't last as long as they

1 raphael died after having excessive sex with his mistress	best way to go out .

1 c - 4 plastic explosive is so chemically stable it can be shot , microwaved , or even * set on fire * without exploding . soldiers in vietnam would	fun fact : c4 has a detonation velocity of 8,092 m / s ( 26,550 ft / s ) . that is more than * ten times * faster than
2 does this mean if i explode c4 on a pile of nails in space 1 second later the nails are approximately 8km away ?	i don't think so . that is the speed of the pressure wave which is gas . the inertia of the nails would resist being accelerated to that full speed

1 , for 15 months , former vp dick cheney literally did not have a pulse , thanks to a centrifugal heart pump . he has since received a donor's heart	more like 8 years with no pulse .

1 robert e . lee not only considered slavery a moral & political evil , but his wife and daughter set up an illegal school for slaves at their arlington plantation	i don't know if anyone posted this , but his father in law was a plantation owner and on the night of his wedding gifts lee with a dozen slaves

1 billie piper ( the actress who played rose tyler in doctor who ) divorced from her wealthy husband , she opted not to claim any money from him , stating	watch her in penny dreadful . fantastic but underrated show .

1 people who own firearms are 200 times more likely to die of a firearm incident	in other shocking news , car owners 3 times more likely to suffer an automobile related fatality !
2 200x and 3x aren't very close	depends on the value of x .

1 since the 2002 realignment , the 49ers are the 11th team sent by the nfc to the super bowl . the ravens are the afc's 5th .	parity is fun .
2 tell me what it's like to start the season with a chance . our only options this year were a . ) lose in the divisional round to the pats	it's a lot of fun good sir .

1 during a battle in ww1 an ottoman commander told his troops " i do not order you to fight , i order you to die . in the time which	the object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other guy die for his . - george patton

1 voted fraud was a likely culprit for kennedy's victory over nixon . one case in texas had 6,138 votes cast in a county of only 4,895 voters .	it's also rumored that joe kennedy's connections with the mob that won his son the election were the source of the same rift that ended with his sons assassination .

1 the beastie boys coined the term " mullet " to refer to a hairstyle in 1994 in their song " mullet head " . no earlier use of the term	one of the many benefits that the beastie boys provided to society .
2 never forget that they fought , and possibly died for our right to party .	peep show reference , right ?

1 : when the apollo 8 astronauts were sued by an atheist activist for reading from genesis in lunar orbit , the supreme court threw out the case . their reason	so hypothetically if someone ( not me ) were to murder someone on the moon would that be illegal because it didn't happen on earth .
2 in that case they would have probably claimed they were american government employees on a government mission and were under u . s . law . it just wasn't worth	it's illegal for them to have it both ways , though . either they have jurisdiction and reading genesis was illegal , or they don't have jurisdiction and anything goes

1 the pirate bay tried buying their own island in hopes of making their own country with no copyright laws .	i smell a future bioshock game .

1 wd - 40 is not patent protected . this avoids completely disclosing its ingredients , making it harder for companies to mimic .	much like ultimate stark industries ... / nerds out

1 in 2005 , the dea reported seizing $ 477 million worth of drugs , whereas the estimated value of drugs sold within and into the us is $ 64 billion	it was never about " stopping drugs " it was about making shitloads of money , forever .

1 both the united kingdom and canada have banned the westboro baptist church from entering their countries .	i guess the concept of free speech doesn't mean anything .
2 canada doesn't have free speech . it is illegal to promote hate here .	why ?
3 why doesn't canada have free speech or why is it illegal to promote hate ?	well , i guess both ... especially the second part . i'm curious as to the rationale in granting the gov't the power to restrict speech that promotes hate and

1 airsoft toys are banned throughout many portions of australia .	why are they banned ? they are no less dangerous than a nerf gun . ( with the proper protection )
2 we have some crazy political nanny parties that want to ban everything .	hardly . the australian gun control laws when original presented to the house had some of the highest approval ratings of any bill put before the australian parliament . even
3 how's that high horse , riding smooth ? air soft are toys . why they are banned is a total over reaction . i love australia's gun laws . they	its a high horse i ride with a majority of the population . its a big damm horse . don't get me wrong , i see your point and have

1 lucille ball claimed she picked up radio signals on her dental work and reported it to authorities resulting in the bust of a japanese spy signal in la in 1942	lucille ball is the female forrest gump , just weaves herself in and out of american history .
2 she discovered arnold schwarzenegger	huh ?
3 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IIjRyt2Oz2k this was , i believe , his american tv debut . not entirely sure that counts as " discovered " or not , but at any rate , he's	yeah what i meant was she gave him his first acting gig .

1 the lion king game led to the creation of direct x .	i don't know how many of y'all have played this game , but it is a fucking hard game .
2 i probably put in a hundred hours into this game as a 8 year old . never came close to beating it . hell 90 % of the time i	dat music tho http://youtu.be/_xhmvbVIIx4

1 : many of the most badass lines in the movie 300 were real historical quotes ; and that dry , blunt wit has been named after that region of grece	so , if we take the title of this seriously , there's a region of greece named " dry , blunt wit " ?

1 dr . francis m . fesmire won the 2006 ig nobel prize in medicine for discovering how to cure the hiccups with rectal massage .	* " hmmm i have hiccups . i wonder if fingering my asshole will help . " *
2 i frequently have chronic hiccups and posted on ask reddit for advice and multiple people cited this very technique as working and a viable solution . i must say ,	you are a brave person to believe reddit when they tell you fingering your asshole is a cure for anything .

1 dogfish head makes beer recipes based upon the chemical analysis of residue found on pottery and drinking vessels from various archaeological sites .	the chateau jiahu of their ancient ales series is by far the best that i've tasted . i found it superior to the midas touch , theobroma , and ta

1 consuming a polar bear's liver will kill you because of it's toxic levels of vitamin a	so small doses of polar bear liver is good for me ?
2 humans usually show symptoms of hypervitaminosis a at around 25,000 to 35,000 iu . that just happens to be the same amount of vitamin a in a single gram of	death by polar bear meat ... that's a new one

1 the total economic impact of common cold-related work loss in the us exceeds $ 20 billion per year . an estimated 150 million work days and up to 189 million	lets give people with colds malaria and see if that cures it . worked on syphilis .

1 the kkk was denied the permit to sponsor a segment of interstate 55 in missouri ; when the federal court declared it unconstituional and the kkk was given the sponsorship	should have named it after claudette colvin .

1 all pakistani passports bear the inscription " this passport is valid for all countries of the world except israel . "	i . r . iran passports have similar inscription on them , except it does not mention israel by name . it says ' the occupied territories ' . it

1 crows are monogamous and raise families together . offspring from previous seasons even remain with the family to help rear new nestlings .	crows are fucking awesome . one of the animals most like humans . my favorite animal .

1 in the summer of 1995 , the nickelodeon show rugrats surpassed reruns of even seinfeld and frasier to become the most watched show among adult males aged 18-31	mlp before mlp
2 given rugrats is surprisingly adult in it's sense of humour and a lot would go over childrens heads ... oh shit ... this sounds exactly like something a brony would	it is true , to be honest . don't bother watching the show if you don't want to , but look up on the mlp wiki a list of refrences

1 matt stone & trey parker had people warn them that there would be mormon protests surrounding their musical " the book of mormon " , but the church has had	mormons are so nice it makes me uncomfortable . i'm irish , people aren't meant to be happy and upbeat and obliging .

1 jimmy carter said if he became president , he would release all government ufo information to the public . once elected , he decided not to due to " national	here's a pretty inconclusive , but interesting jimmy kimmel interview with bill clinton , who also promised to uncover the truth about ufos . https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=THRIigM5iI8 clinton does seem to be

1 the vibrator was invented for doctors who suffered from fatigued wrists and hands after giving female patients orgasms in order to treat hysteria	you have to remember olden time pussy was rancid . hairy and full of warts . victorian personal hygiene was poor . maybe 1 in 10 patients had a nice

1 ravens are one of few wild animals who are playful . they even make their own toys and play games with otters and wolves .	that is weird because a group of ravens is called an unkindness .

1 one of the popes was a 100 % accident . in the middle ages , cardinals would often vote for a random candidate on the first papal ballot in order	ironically , this case is the most believable that " god " played a role in selecting the pope .
2 especially the fact that 100 % of all the cardinals ( except himself ) voted for him . i mean , every . single . one .	during that time the conclave could consist of as few as seven cardinals .

1 4 states ( vermont , alaska , hawaii , and maine ) have laws prohibiting the use of outdoor advertising with billboards .	yeah i wish my state would at least remove them from the side of the interstate . it makes the place look tacky .

1 robin williams was sued in 1986 after transmitting herpes to a waitress while cheating on his wife	what other celebrities have herpes ?

1 the us has technically been in a state of emergency since 1933	so the us has been in perpetual emergency ever since booze was legalized . always gotta be prepared for shit to go down .

1 during passover , coca-cola sells coke with sugar instead of corn syrup in areas with a substantial jewish population because corn syrup isn't kosher .	i believe in europe sugar coke is the standard coke .

1 cat kidneys are so efficient that they can survive on a diet consisting only of meat , with no additional water and can even rehydrate by drinking seawater .	my cat must not have kidneys since he's always drinking water .
2 well if you're feeding him mostly dry food then yeah he'll have to drink water . if you feed him wet food , the water from that should be enough	he doesn't get as much wet food as he should but i feed him some of the meat i get so i at least try a little in that department

1 the wrestler mick foley became a fan of tori amos in 1993 . after meeting her in 2008 , he got involved in a group she started to aid abused	don't you mean mankind ? !
2 no , i think it was dude love	man =D ude kind = love did i just blow your mind ?

1 a south korean man committed a mass murder when his girlfriend woke him up trying to swat a fly on his chest while he was asleep	sounds like somebody woke up on the wrong side of the bed

1 sigmund freud , father of psychoanalysis , believed that cocaine was a cure for many mental and physical problems and recommended cocaine as a cure for morphine addiction .	sigmund was my kinda man

1 in wellington new zealand there are suburbs where it is common to have a private cable car from your garage to your house .	the are pretty common in medina on houses that line lake washington too

1 bill paxton is the only actor to be killed by a terminator , alien and predator .	and he was almost killed by a telepathic alien in independence day .
2 what ? edit : i think you are thinking of bill pullman .	oh , that's right . ably played too .

1 despite being a fan of his movies , joseph stalin ordered the assassination of john wayne	wayne smoked 6 packs a day . nuff ' said .

1 reed hastings came up with the idea of netflix after he had to pay a $ 40 overdue fine on a copy of apollo 13	i had the idea for netflix over 10 years ago well streaming of a media server ... netflix was the natural evolution of media ... it was bound to happen

1 rain wilson originally auditioned for the role of michael scott in " the office . " the producers didn't like his audition , but offered him the role of dwight	good thing too because he nailed that role .
2 assistant to the regional manager -	it's the same thing .
3 michealllllllll !	bears , beats , battlestar gallactica .

1 scientology isn't legally considered a religion in all countries . switzerland identifies it as a commercial enterprise , france and chile as a cult , and norway as a non-profit	i think it's worth pointing out that we should't rely on the state to identify / recognize religions .

1 , that masi oka , most notably remembered for his portrayal of hiro nakamura in heroes , was a digital effects artist on films like star wars , terminator ,	he was also the little asian guy correcting the asian guy screaming " it's godzilla " , in austin powers . one of his best works . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IEJm0uIVwUc
2 he seems to claim he is in the right place at the right time a lot . i suspect time travel ... & #3232 ;\ _ & #3232 ;	he's like the asian forrest gump .

1 brazil is home to the largest population of japanese people outside of japan - more than both america and canada .	aaaaaand all the koreans went to los angeles .

1 vultures also bully homosexuals in their species .	well , there is one documented example of this , and it was in captivity . it could just be that those vultures were assholes .
2 they're called republicans	all republicans are bad herp a derp . seriously enough is enough .

1 in the new deal , fdr called for a new tax program called the revenue act of 1935 , which imposed an income tax of 79 % on incomes over	flat taxes anyone ? no ? ok ...

1 in penile-vaginal intercourse with an hiv-infected partner , a woman has an estimated 0.1 % chance of being infected , and a man 0.05 % . am i the only	considering the nature of the disease and all the other lovly shit you can catch from unprotected sex like - herps - syph - clap - baby i rather wrap
2 lol ! oh no's someone caught a case of baby !	how is babby caught ?
3 they need to do way instain mother >	who kills thier babbys , because these babby cant frigth back ?

1 a man renovated a three story hotel specifically to kill people . it included stairways to nowhere and a maze of over 100 windowless rooms . he killed as many	i live in chicago and i've actually been to this location the " hotel " is tore down . now stands a walgreens in a really really bad neighborhood

1 taylor swift's average relationship lasts ~ 3 months	and all i ask is for three minutes . that would include clean up and travel time back to my car .

1 the chevy cavalier was imported into japan and re-branded a toyota	gm and toyota collaborated on a few cars through the nummi plant ( part of it is currently the tesla factory ) .
2 > ( part of it is currently the tesla factory ) . i believe it's now 100 % owned by tesla .	they only use like 10 % of the building .

1 adult luna moths develop without a mouth , their only purpose is to mate within their 7 - day lifespan . after which they die of starvation .	luna moths are a real thing and don't exist solely in skyrim .

1 washington state is the only state in the united states where assisted suicide , same-sex marriage , and cannabis use are all legal .	say " state " one more time , motherfucker .
2 came here to say this . fuck you d . c . just call yourself d . c .	everybody from d . c . calls it d . c . don't hate us because the rest of the country gets confused .
3 i used to live in the dc area , now in washington , and this is my experience . it's really just major media that get's everyone else confused .	if headway is being made on a bill it's definitely not washington state ... haha

1 the last of a 3 foot penguin-like animal were killed by scottish villagers because it was thought to be a witch	i hate people .
2 you mentioned the song & quot ; i hate people & quot ; by : nasum . learn more about nasum here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nasum	did not

1 " where the wild things are " was originally titled " land of the wild horses " until the author maurice sendak realized that he couldn't draw horses and changed	he could draw the wild things but not horses ?

1 in 1979 , an unknown group of people paid for the erection of the " georgia guidestones " , 6 granite slabs that instruct the survivors of an apocalyptic scenario	[ you know ... ] ( http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/361kkl/ )

1 there's a waterfall in minnesota that falls into a large hole made of rock ; scientists have tried ping pong balls and dye and still don't know where the water	this sounds like the perfect job for sarah palin . give her an oxygen tank and tell her it will help her ratings for the upcoming presidential candidacy .
2 actually , you may be surprised to know that sarah palin is an [ experienced scuba diver ] ( http://kaystreet.wordpress.com/2010/05/07/50-interesting-facts-about-sarah-palin/ ) . she learned to do it at bristol bay	every time .

1 grapefruits can actually increase the potency of drugs . so much so that 85 different drugs have been identified as having adverse effects if consumed with grapefruit .	grapefruit can mess with heart medications , such as calcium channel blockers . the pill bottle is usually labeled to avoid grapefruit . interesting side note : i recently learned
2 just fyi , benadryl can make rls worse so watch out for that . took me a few very uncomfortable nights to look up the connection .	so that's what that is ! i've stopped taking anything with diphenhydramine in it because it always made me feel like there was a little squiggly worm in my coccyx

1 in some countries ( such as zimbabwe ) it is commonly believed that sex with an albinistic woman cures hiv . this has led to rapes and subsequent spread of	the fuck is with africa and fucking to cure diseases

1 a swedish couple tried to name their child “ brfxxccxxmnpcccclllmmnprxvclmnckssqlbb 11116 ″ ( pronounced albin )	bobby tables is a much better name

1 the wrestler mick foley became a fan of tori amos in 1993 . after meeting her in 2008 , he got involved in a group she started to aid abused	how much do you wanna bet he ended every phone call with " have a nice day "

1 almost nothing is known about great white shark reproduction or mating habits , and the birth of one has never been witnessed either .	great whites are born of st . elmo's fire !

1 hummingbirds have such a high metabolism that they are continuously hours away from starving to death	i think i have the same problem .

1 the deepest note mankind has ever detected is a b ♭ that is 57 octaves below middle c . the sound is made by inflating plasma bubbles in the center	even the universe tunes to bb

1 mathematicians have jokingly proposed a standard unit of measurement for beauty : the " millihelen . " inspired by helen of troy , a millihelen is defined as " the	" girl are you a millihelen ? cause my ship has set sail "

1 the buddha's story appears in christianity as the legend of st . josaphat and in islam as the legend of budasaf .	itt : so many internet religious scholars
2 who all state random shit they made up as if it was absolute truth .	such is the way of the internet unfortunately .

1 mother teresa believed suffering brought people closer to jesus and therefore withheld pain killers from her patients .	mother teresa was a fuckin nutcase when it came to suffering . praising her is like praising [ torquemada . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tom%C3%A1s_de_Torquemada )

1 : in 2011 drug cartel kidnapped hundreds of innocent bus passengers in mexico and made them fight to death like gladiators . the winners were sent on suicide missions	maybe they had just seen [ tdk . ] ( http://images2.fanpop.com/images/photos/7500000/Try-outs-the-joker-7501420-640-364.jpg )

1 judith barsi , the child actor who voiced the role of anne-marie in the movie " all dogs go to heaven " , was shot in the head in her	bastard got off easy

1 . cameron diaz advocates urinating outdoors or during a shower because it conserves electricity and water .	i never realized i was such an environmentalist .
2 i advocate not watching her movies , because they are bad .	if you haven't seen being john malkovich , you're missing out .

1 ... the beatles literally stopped touring because their music could not be amplified loud enough to compete with screaming crowd noise , even with custom , purpose-built amplifiers .	there were lots of contributing factors to why they stopped touring . yes , it was because they couldn't hear themselves and because they couldn't replicate their studio recordings ,
2 > upon leaving the country , band members publicly expressed resentment at their treatment , with john lennon saying " if we go back , it will be with an	he was homophobic too .

1 a man renovated a three story hotel specifically to kill people . it included stairways to nowhere and a maze of over 100 windowless rooms . he killed as many	growing up in chicago this was always always one of my favorite , albiet awful , stories . my brothers used to tease and tell me ' double h '

1 weird al yankovic has asked permission from prince to parody his songs on numerous occasions , and has always been refused . when the two were assigned to sit in	prince seems like a lunatic , and he's one of those performers i feel like people pretend to care about and when he inevitably dies people will go all mj
2 he is an exceptionally talented song writer and performer .	ehhh . i'd say usually-but-not-always-passable songwriter and great performer .

1 the south park three episode story " imaginationland " was originally intended to be a full length feature film .	thank god it wasn't released as a film . they are my 3 least favorite episodes .
2 pip was literally great expectations . i thought it was ballsy . if i ever teach great expectations again , i'm using that episode again .	was it really that close ? once i got to the end with the random shit happening , i figured they had pulled the whole thing out of their asses
3 it's actually a great analogy . i'd have to rewatch the episode to draw a full allegory , but it's amazing . the whole thing is great expectations to a	including the robot monkeys ?

1 don king has killed two men . he shot one in the back who had robbed his illegal gambling house and later stomped an employee to death over $ 600	you can murder people if you're in good with influential people .
2 it's called affluenza .	i actually like that whole affluenza thing . shit like that has been going on forever , but putting a name to it exposes how idiotic it is , even

1 clarence nash , the voice of donald duck for 50 years , voiced donald's voice in all foreign languages the disney shorts were translated to ( with the aid of	that explains why i never understood donald's voice in the german dubs .

1 clint eastwood was in a plane which crashed into the sea . he and the pilot escaped the sinking aircraft and swam 3 miles to safety .	laying to rest any argument that clint eastwood isn't completely badass
2 clint eastwood should play bruce wayne in a batman beyond movie .	i was hoping he'd be old bats in dark knight movie eventually ... =(

1 when genghis khan sent a trade caravan to the khwarezmid empire , the governor of one city seized it and killed the traders . genghis khan retaliated by invading the	> genghis khan even went so far as to divert a river through the khwarezmid emperor's birthplace , erasing it from the map holy shit
2 read up on some of genghis khan's other shit . he was not kidding around , ever .	listen to wrath of the khans by dan carlin . literally all the great genghis khan did ( well major moments and battles ) are in a 5 part free

1 the astronomer tycho brahe not only owned a tame moose . that moose died by falling down a flight of stairs while drunk .	tycho brache was a big partier . keppler needed his data , but really didn't like the party atmosphere .

1 the 9th largest political party in sweden is the pirate party	we only have 9 " serious " parties .

1 when his mercury space capsule lost power , astronaut gordon cooper used a only a wristwatch , his knowledge of star patterns , and math estimations to correct the pitch	if that had happened to me i would have sobbed violently , curled into a fetal position , and accepted my imminent heat death . and that's why i'm not
2 ground control to major palm .	commencing countdown ...

1 washington state is the only state in the united states where assisted suicide , same-sex marriage , and cannabis use are all legal .	read that as cannibalism ...

1 as a child elon musk was bullied so severely he once had to be hospitalized because of a beating from other students	musk owes tax payers millions of dollars that he will never repay .

1 a man who gave away his fortune to charity also donated a kidney to a stranger , noting that the chances of dying as a result of the procedure were	scenario : either you instantly die in the next minute , or 4000 random people ( excluding you ) around the globe die . you are choose , one has
2 the others . i value my life not just 4000x more than anyone else's , i value it infinitely more so . and no matter what selfless bullshit you say	i'm a zealot because i chose to believe in an afterlife ? well you've shown that there's at least one thing religion encourages in society : self-sacrifice for others .

1 a us army helicopter pilot saved lives during the my lai massacre by landing his chopper between civilians and american soldiers . during initial hearings , he was " sharply	fun fact : his story is the first anecdote you read in the intro to leadership textbook published by the us army . thought it was interesting that the first
2 that's very heartening ? did they portray him in a positive light ?	yeah . every section was prefaced with a positive example of leadership , and hugh thompson's was the one they chose to start the book off with . edit :
3 this little bit of text here has massively reaffirmed my faith in our armed forces .	your lack of faith in the armed forces was a result of your own ignorance .

1 bill watterson used to sneak autographed copies of calvin & hobbes books onto the shelves of his local bookstore , but stopped when he discovered that they were being sold	what a bummer that people are greedy assholes .
2 its what makes me sad . people are given something to make them feel special , not so they think " ohhh , ebay ! "	it's why , whenever i meet a celebrity for an autograph , i have them make it out to me personally . my little way of saying " hey ,
3 unless you are about to be evicted and need the money to pay rent	if i'm about to be evicted throwing up a signed book on ebay wouldn't be the best use of my time .

1 the nation of islam believe that white people were invented as an evil race by a scientist named yakub , 6,600 years ago . the experiment also produced ' red	that's one of the most bullshitty serious things ever invented . like it's so silly fantasy literature cannot use it .

1 seal's scars are a result of lupus	somewhere , doctor house is taking off a pair of sunglasses and saying , " mother of god ... "

1 elephants often bury dead or sleeping humans or aid them when they are hurt	just imagine , waking up while you're getting buried alive by fucking elephants .
2 anyone else feel like an elephant expert after reading the whole wiki ? ama , elephant expert here . source : read many words on wiki	while in thailand , a baby , maybe juvie elephant kept trying to stick his trunk all over my butt , etc . why did i like it ?

1 in 1809 , a woman diagnosed with an ovarian tumor rode horseback 60 miles to try to have the tumor removed , an operation that had never been performed ,	this doctor is one of the two status in statuary hall that represent kentucky . the other being henry clay

1 when genghis khan sent a trade caravan to the khwarezmid empire , the governor of one city seized it and killed the traders . genghis khan retaliated by invading the	they also [ executed a bunch of russian soldiers and nobility by building a platform on top of them , then eating dinner on top of them while they were
2 my favorite bit about genghis khan is the following : > genghis was buried by generals who went to extraordinary lengths to conceal the grave . every one of the	there are people looking for it to this day assuming he was buried with a shit-ton of treasure . but supposedly for his literally uncountable wealth he wasn't a very

1 nokia made a handheld game console in 2003 , the n-gage . in the first two weeks , nokia claimed to have sold 400,000 units , but researchers later found	there are people alive who don't remember the n-gage , and it's surrounding controversy .

1 during ww2 the allies discovered that the germans were using the leaning tower of pisa as an observation post . a u . s army sergeant that was sent to	on a similar note , the commander of allied forces tasked with liberating florence basically refused to do any artillery or aerial bombardment of the main parts of the city
2 on a similar note , they completely destroyed dresden , which is known as the * florence on the elbe * .	to be fair , hitler didn't have to build tanks there . or try to exterminate the jews .

1 in a review of the film " groundhog day " , the washington post noted it was a good bill murray vehicle , but wrote " it will never be	> the washington post noted it was a good bill murray vehicle no , that is a great movie . one of my all-time favorites . how could they not
2 he recognized it as good , he just made a bizarre point about it not being a national treasure , which bit him in the ass .	yeah , that's an oddly specific declaration , and exactly the sort that comes around to bite you in the ass . does he say that about 99.9 % of
3 it wasn't a declaration , just an expression . like " a fun , entertaining movie , but it isn't casablana " .	i may have stopped short of having accused him of putting a curse upon the film , but i stand steadfast in my determination that this was nothing short of

1 the pilot episode of lost was so expensive ( ~ $ 14million ) that the network president was fired for greenlighting it .	that's one reason why pilots are usually so bad compared to the actual show : low production values .
2 my question is ... do they even consider re-hiring the guy ? i mean he obviously made the right move or do they have so much " pride " ,	well he went to work for yahoo . they should've hired lloyd braun back - he was the last competent president of abc .
3 poor guy , gets fired and probably millions in severance , and gets weeks of vacation before his next millions a year job .	he sounds like a pretty cool guy . not only did he approve " lost " without so much as a script , he did voice overs for the show

1 dr james d watson , winner of the nobel prize for his pioneering work on dna , said blacks were less intelligent than whites due to evolving apart . he	obviously he has a point . ironically everyone is too bigoted to see it ... anyone wanna know why 4chan is so racist compared to reddit ? anonymity . deep

1 40 percent of all wikipedia vandalism is detected by a single bot . it has only 0.1 % false positives .	wtf that is a meaningless stat without knowing the false negatives . i can get 0.0 % false positives by identifying 0 vandals .

1 there are over 3000 tons of explosives in a ship at the bottom of the thames and nobody knows what to do about them .	today is was reminded ( tiwr ? ) of it . i live pretty close ( closer as a kid than i do now ) and i was fascinated by

1 at age 24 , thomas müller has now scored 8 goals in 7 world cup matches .	this guy scored 11 in 5 ! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/S%C3%A1ndor_Kocsis

1 germany has only ever lost two world cup qualifying matches . in their entire history .	slightly unrelated fact , but turns out rooney is england's highest goal-scorer in qualifying campaigns of all time .
2 but yet he still hasn't scored in a world cup . * sigh *	fucking metatarsals and that winking cunt . let's hope we get euro 2004 rooney this time . an absolute monster in that tournament . until he got injured , of

1 no physical clone trooper armor was ever produced for star wars prequels . every clone trooper was cgi .	it wasn't cgi that killed the prequels . you don't introduce the coolest , most badass of all badassington in the first film , [ only to kill him right
2 he didn't die . he's quite [ badass in the clone wars ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ojw7iE5h99g )	what the fuck is all that ?

1 well that fucking explains it .	this is so perth . that is all .

1 adolph hitler admired islam	both want to establish world control and eradicate the jews . birds of a feather ...

1 the beastie boys coined the term " mullet " to refer to a hairstyle in 1994 in their song " mullet head " . no earlier use of the term	why isn't this about the white / gold or black / blue dress ?

1 animaniacs , pinky and the brain , and freakazoid were all canceled by the same guy .	bastard .

1 if sprinters move within 0.1 seconds of the firing of the gun , it's still considered a false start , because it's impossible for humans to react that quickly .	in drag racing , a red light is called if you leave quicker than . 4 or . 5 , can't remember which . anything quicker means you anticipated the
2 that's way to much time . a good competitive shooter can cycle a pump shotgun in 0.5 s .	yes but moving your arm is not the same as pushing with all your force against the starting platform .

1 jim varney had a photographic memory and would shoot up to 25 " ernest " commercials a day inserting different product names during different takes .	absolute genius as far as cornball comedy goes .

1 pedialyte has become popular for people suffering from hangovers , and as a result of a 57 % increase in its use by adults since 2012 , pedialyte has begun	can confirm : pedialyte and bacon sandwiches for breakfast on january 1st every year since i turned 21 .

1 planetary scientist eugene shoemaker is the only human in history to have their ashes buried on the moon	it must be awkward to have a really cool job but be named shoemaker because then it just seems like some cobbler got buried on the moon for some reason
2 some guy with swole arms was the first to walk on the moon .	actually , the thought of some random swole dude punching his way up to the apollo rocket's launch capsule on launch day , and then demanding to be " taken

1 in 1961 the cost of one gflop of computing power was around $ 1.1 trillion . as of december 2013 it stood at approximately 12 cents .	title should be gflops . the s is not for purality , it is the measure of time . a gflop per year wouldn't cost that much even in 1961

1 in american films 56 % of black characters are portrayed as being physically violent compared to 11 % of white characters .	so , what you're saying is that movies are mirror of society ? ( ref . us crime statistics )
2 maybe movies could be better than that . maybe , they could show the youth better examples of all races and mix things up a little , to make kids	movies like that do exist , though .

1 pit bulls and pit bull mixes were involved in 81 % of the fatal dog attacks that occurred in the united states last year	pit bulls is a pretty broad category . that is why attempts to ban them are so difficult . we should also remember that we breed them for bloodsports .
2 > we breed them for bloodsports a key part of fighting dog breeding that most people forget is that we also bred them * to not attack humans * .	environment has a lot to do with it too though . if they aren't raised well , they do become dangerous , like any other dog , or even humans

1 henry viii had someone who's job it was to wipe his bottom for him . they were called ' grooms of the stool ' and henry viii had 4 of	million dollar question : did they wipe him standing up or sitting down ?
2 thats a myth , no one wipes sitting down	i do

1 in 1996 , pinkerton ( weezer's second album ) was voted as the year's third worst album by rolling stone readers . six years later , the readers voted it	oh new generation , you so crazy .

1 cinderella's castle at the magic kingdom uses a technique known as forced perspective , meaning it gets smaller as it gets taller , giving it the appearance of being much	tons of attractions at all disney parks work this way . main street usa looks longer * when you enter the parks and see the castle at the end .

1 the french eat four times as much butter , 60 percent more cheese and nearly three times as much pork than the rest of the world	it says more than americans , not " the rest of the world . " it is a continuation of the previous sentence . seriously , they could not eat

1 in 1975 , a 15 - year-old girl was beaten to death , with the primary suspects in the murder being kennedy-cousins thomas and michael skakel . although michael skakel	reddit is so sad today

1 the tv series captain planet was the first children's show to deal with hiv-aids . the episode involved a villain brainwashed a community , making them think hiv could pass	' guys . guys ! i have a great idea for a new superhero ! he'll have all these great element-themed powers and his only weakness will be everything he
2 [ * * does this look like fucking weakness * * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TwJaELXadKo )	there was an animated video on reddit awhile back where aliens turned humans into trees . anyone have the link to what i'm talking about ?

1 after a falling out with ernest hemingway , gertrude stein--who had written the phrase " a rose is a rose is a rose--supposedly received a telegram from him that read	a gig is a gig is a gig is a gig

1 andré the giant was so large by the age of 12 that he could not fit on the school bus , and so was driven to school by playwright samuel	> whenever andré treated someone to a meal in a restaurant he would pay , but he would also insist on paying when he was a guest . after one
2 such confusing wording . of course he's paying for their meal if he's treating them to dinner , right ? and how did arnold get carried from his table if	* hits fecklessfella with a chair * cause rasslin ' fella ! ecw ! ecw ! ecw !

1 clint eastwood was offered the role of james bond but turned it down because he believed the character should be played by an english actor .	i mustache you a question

1 the tv comedy malcolm in the middle used mood-setting music in lieu of canned laughter . artists included abba , they might be giants , kenny rogers , elo &	malcom in the middle is a [ single camera ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single-camera_setup ) show shot on location - it's typically only [ multi-camera ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multiple-camera_setup ) shows shot in
2 unfortunately " usually " doesn't apply any more , it's generally canned tracks . that's what makes the laughter in older sit coms feel a bit more genuine . cued	it's not canned in the traditional sense though , but yes it will be processed , multi tracked , compressed etc to get the right " punch "

1 the nickname ' skip ' identifies someone who has the same first name as their grandparent but not their parent , essentially ' skipping ' a generation .	is the thumbnail for everyone a tube train coming out of its tunnel ?
2 i don't know , but i moderate / r / traingifs so have a few http://gfycat.com/PowerfulThornyCanine http://i.imgur.com/ma6CVJk.gifv http://gfycat.com/DentalAcademicHapuku	what'd that dude with the scarf think he'd accomplish in that third gif ? trains take like a mile to stop once up to speed .

1 the blind get a 50 % discount on tv licenses in the uk	i want a rhino ...

1 in 2005 , an inexperienced trader at a japanese bank tried to sell 1 share of j-com stock for ¥ 640,000 . he accidentally sold 640,000 shares for ¥ 1	this kind of " fat finger trade " [ still happens ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/01/30/us-hsbc-spike-idUSBREA0T0S720140130 ) , but there are controls in place in most stock exchanges to contain this kind
2 you've probably already read the link i posted , but interestingly the tokyo stock exchange refused to stop the trade going through . that resulted in : > the tokyo	nothing like that would be possible on any legitimate exchange in the states .

1 if you're wondering how jeremy hunt got his job , his " early life and education " section on wiki explains everything .	nepotism has no place in a modern democracy . i fucking hate the way this country works sometimes . :(

1 taco bell , the famous mexican food eatery , has attempted twice to enter the market of its spiritual motherland . unfortunately , taco bell has failed to enter the	taco bell is not mexican food . and of course it failed to take off in mexico . our moms cook a million times better .

1 samuel jackson is the actor with the highest grossing film total of all time .	[ box office mojo has him listed third behind tom hanks and morgan freeman . ] ( http://www.boxofficemojo.com/people/?view=Actor&sort=sumgross&order=DESC&p=.htm ) note : box office mojo doesn't include cameos or bit parts

1 serial killer john wayne gacy ( killing at least 33 young men ) was very active in local community activities . as a result of his contributions , he met	dude , his first victim was 15 and made him breakfast , so he killed him and got an orgasm . i don't even .

1 germany ( 223 goals ) has surpassed brazil ( 221 goals ) as the nation scroing the most goals at all world cups .	germany really just ruining brazil with this game

1 james may , richard hammond , and jeremy clarkson from top gear will script and shoot a car chase for the new die hard movie .	i hope the toyota pick-up truck makes a guest appearance . make a scene where a new one gets totalled , and they switch it in post-crash .

1 when george washington passed away in 1799 , napoleon bonaparte personally gave a eulogy and ordered a ten-day requiem . in great britain , the entire royal navy lowered its	according the the thomas jefferson hour , the end of the revolutionary war went like this : american population : " mr . washington , we'd love to make you
2 was that an actual quote ? can you cite ?	he cited the thomas jefferson hour ...

1 bill gates modified the code of his school's schedule program so he could sit in classes that were full of girls .	what a dumbass all i had to do was register in animal science and child development classes

1 the ancient irish respected their dogs so much that if a warrior or king gained the loyalty of a hound they would be given the prefix ' ' cu '	apparently no one thought of feeding them and * not * being evil towards them ...

1 the record holder for most survived lightning strikes , at 7 , was struck while operating a truck , inside a ranger station , on two separate occasions after running	sometimes you get lucky and most of the charge goes into the ground . i think that's why i didn't get cooked the time i was struck .

1 for the film dogma , kevin smith warned jason mewes that he needed to be on point due to the involvement of " real actors , " such as alan	i wouldn't wanna piss off snape either .
2 he wasn't snape , yet .	100 points from gryffindor .

1 during us-backed pinochet's violent takeover of chile , a popular singer was beaten , tortured and had his hands broken . while he lay on the ground , his captors	sorry , but i dont know the song . what song is " we will win ? "

1 tim duncan of the san antonio spurs sacrificed money and stayed in college for four years instead of going directly to the nba because in her last days , his	one of my favorite players of all time ... he never showed off , but was always one of the best players on the court . and a class act
2 speaking as a suns fan-as much as i hate the san antonio spurs , i have a lot of respect for tim duncan .	for me duncan is the nba equivalent to jeter , i don't give a damn about his team but you've got to respect the guy for the way he plays

1 norway gets 98-99 % of its electricity from hydroelectric power , more than any other country	you mean all 15 people in norway havepower at once ?

1 : there are no common surnames in thailand . under thai law , only one family can use any given surname : any two people of the same surname must	they propably didn't want to end up like vietnam , where everyone's last name is nguyen .
2 every vietnamese friend i had has the last name nguyen . two of my vietnamese friends ' parents own nail salons .	my vietnamese friend's last name is dinh , but her mom works at a nail salon so i guess it still counts .

1 liam neeson who played qui-gon jinn in star wars was supposed to appear as a force ghost in episode iii , but was unable to appear due to a motorcycle	i am actually angry , that would have been amazingly epic .

1 asbestos in the united states has not been banned and is totally legal . when the environmental protection agency tried to ban it , supporters of the asbestos industry actually	shout out to the fine folks of manville , new jersey . former asbestos factory town for the johns-manville corp .

1 krusty the clown was designed to look / act like homer . ironically bart worships krusty , who is exactly like his dad , but famous .	i'm seeing double here ... * four krustys ! *

1 in 1997 , there was a contest to win a fully-furnished exact replica of the “ simpsons ” house in clark county , nev . the winner could choose to	yes , i too listen to there's no such thing as a fish .

1 bryan adams's hit " summer of ' 69 ' " is not about the year , but about the sexual position .	i think this is just his attempt to retroactively make the song less lame .

1 johnny depp , jude law , and colin farrell gave their entire salaries from the movie " the imaginarium of doctor parnassius " to heath ledger's daughter .	so like 100 bucks ?

1 you are required to vote in australia ; if you don't , you'll face a fine	if i choose not to vote isn't that effectively voting against having a government at all ?
2 > choose not to vote isn't that effectively voting against having a government at all ? no .	great argument

1 abc aired saving private ryan on veteran's day , unedited , every year starting in 2001 . the practice ended in 2004 ( the year of nipplegate ) , when	i read the article but i don't quite understand the connection to nipplegate . could someone explain ?
2 dude , just think about it : janet jackson was born in 1966 in gary , indiana . long story short , we can't show saving private ryan anymore .	as a young man , adolf hitler was rejected from art school . one thing led to another , and the united states dropped an atomic bomb on the sovereign

1 the ghastly gibus is named after antoine gibus , who perfected a method of creating spring-loaded top hats .	i thought it had something to do with the waning and waxing gibous .

1 none of the beatles actually performed in the recording session for their hit song " eleanor rigby " aside from john lennon and george harrison , who provided harmony vocals	i have heard before that the song was supposed to have other instruments added later . but it was agreed that the strings an vocals alone sounded better by themselves

1 hitler had a jewish-austrian doctor who didn't charge hitler's family due to their economic hardship , because of this hitler showed his " everlasting gratitude " by never sentencing him	he would've been much more noble if he had killed hitler

1 in 1961 the cost of one gflop of computing power was around $ 1.1 trillion . as of december 2013 it stood at approximately 12 cents .	so ... where is the limit ?
2 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Limits_to_computation	thank you for that wiki

1 a " buttload " is a real measurement equating to 108 imperial gallons or 2 hogsheads	i can't wait to use this in actual conversation .

1 general erwin rommel found himself several times behind allied lines . on one occasion , he stumbled across an allied field hospital . they were low on supplies and he	* * field * * * * marshal * * erwin rommel ... ftfy .

1 after receiving complaints about the size of their sandwiches , subway responded " ' subway footlong ' is a registered trademark as a descriptive name for the sub sold ...	reminds me of the ( i think ) urban legend a while back that one of the big hamburger chains bought a paper company , changed its name to "
2 or the urban legend that there was an asian country named " usa " that was making cheap imported goods for the american market , labelled " made in usa	that ain't no urban legend . thats a 30 rock episode
3 my grandpa was telling me about a city in china called " usa " long before 30 rock came around . not that it makes it any more true ...	hey , cousin !

1 there is a factory in japan which can run unsupervised for 30 days at a time . robots build other robots at the rate of 50 per 24 - hour	well ... if this trend overtakes a huge portion of the workforce ... then i guess it's pretty much " lights out " for humanity . at that point ,
2 and at the end you find a crusher robot that destroys the products and sells the metal to recycling factories ...	https://youtu.be/XS5iSZ6A4es

1 the show reno 911 was mainly improv and had very little scripting .	same crew of comedians : * * the state stella reno 911 ! wet hot american summer michael and michael have issues wainy days role models wanderlust the baxter *
2 ahh yes , stella . " i swear if you two don't shut up about boogie boarding , i will drive this truck off a cliff ! "	i thought it was a turkey !

1 mike myers was sued by universal pictures for $ 3.8 million for backing out of a contract for a feature film . myers said he refused to honour the $	the film he eventually made instead with paramount was the cat in the hat ... not much of an improvement ...
2 i personally thought it was great , i was 10 when it came out , but did live to be one of my favorite childhood movies . it was not	stop making me feel old
3 my dad said it was his favorite movie growing up	how old is your dad ? my grandpa was a kid when it came out ...

1 the area surrounding chernobyl " will not be safe for human life again for another 20,000 years "	the entire area is not radioactive , there are pockets of radiation that make the area unlivable.you could live there for years with no major ill effects , but then

1 when henry ford was shown newsreel footage of the nazi concentration camps , he " was confronted with the atrocities which finally and unanswerable laid bare the bestiality of the	not only that , he sponsored fiddling contests to counter the popularity of jazz which he thought of as destroying western ' white ' civilization . [ seriously ] (
2 ford was right . jazz is not a part of western culture . it's alien to white christians . just because many find it catchy and fun to listen to	honey , look ! a real live open racist in 2015 ! * takes photo *

1 roger ebert said the 2004 film national treasure was " so silly that the monty python version could use the same screenplay , line for line . "	i actually like that movie .

1 there are more vending machines in japan than people in new zealand	19 then ?

1 sean connery was offered a contract to play for manchester united , but turned it down to pursue acting	sheemsh to have worked out well for all involved ( and not involved ! )

1 after being liberated by us forces , dachau concentration camp inmates were given handguns and proceeded to torture and kill german pow's . nothing was done afterward .	karma's a bitch .

1 mythbuster's jamie hyneman ran away from home at the age of 14 and then hitchhiked all over the us . after that he is now a certified diver , wilderness	now i have an answer to the question i keep getting asked : " what are you going to do with a linguistics degree ? "
2 joke's aside there is a fair amount you can do with a linguistics degree , you could work for nato , the un , pursue a military career , write	very cool . thanks !

1 nightcrawler from x-men was originally supposed to be the offspring of mystique and another female mutant named destiny . mystique would have taken the form of a man and impregnated	didn't they make a cartoon a while back in which most of the x men and the brotherhood of mutants were in high school ? i think on that show

1 one window washer around the world falls to his / her death every day	where in this article does it back up your title ?

1 - 4 - star general stanley mcchrystal , former commander of u . s . and international forces in afghanistan , runs 7-8 miles , eats only one meal ,	a lot of great people slept less than 4 hours a day : http://amolife.com/personality/great-people-sleep-less.html if i get less than 6 hours , im really screwed up . i wouldn't trust

1 radical british islamist preacher anjem " andy " choudary failed his first year university exams due to excessive partying .	" i should save people from making the same mistakes i made ... with hatred and intolerance ! "

1 china returns all illegal immigrants from north korea which usually imprisons them in a short term facility . women who are suspected of being impregnated by chinese fathers are subjected	what is exposure ?

1 the tv series captain planet was the first children's show to deal with hiv-aids . the episode involved a villain brainwashed a community , making them think hiv could pass	' guys . guys ! i have a great idea for a new superhero ! he'll have all these great element-themed powers and his only weakness will be everything he
2 hitler weakened him with the power of his hatred , not even on purpose .	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i__ztikjTok
3 why did they draw hitler so buff and manly-looking ?	he's not buff he's just full of hate .

1 : the original gta game disc for playstation , when placed in a cd player , would play the game soundtrack .	i remember a music cd by toybox had a game on it when you put it in a pc .

1 msg is not that bad for you . the public's misconception of msg is based off of one anecdotal and unscientific study .	makes me thirsty as heck after eating it .

1 uzbekistan executed two men by boiling them alive ... in 2002	http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/article3943.htm pics of victims
2 nsfw	nsfl

1 a tsa officer once let the ceo of sega through saying : “ i don't need to see your passport . you're the asshole that gave away shenmue to xbox	isn't this a repost from like a month or two ago ?
2 how things are ever considered reposts in til is beyond me . when one of us learn something we don't all automatically gain that knowledge , haha . we are	brb , off to post about that sniper in ww2 and steve buscemi .

1 in 1975 , a 15 - year-old girl was beaten to death , with the primary suspects in the murder being kennedy-cousins thomas and michael skakel . although michael skakel	aww . such a good family . just like teddy going for a swim in the chappaquiddick .

1 fred phelps once posted the onion article " ' 98 homosexual-recruitment drive nearing goal " on the westboro baptist church website as proof that homosexuals were trying to recruit others	i'm just glad i got my toaster .

1 : the blues brothers ( 1980 ) broke the record for most car crashes in a single movie . it held that record until 1998 when it was broken by	that movie had a sequel ? nonsense . it'd probably be terrible . they might even kill off one of the brothers and add in some annoying kid !
2 to be fair , they killed off the brother because john belushi was actually dead .	excuses ...

1 hollywood " tough guy " actor humphrey bogart was a male victim of domestic violence . his third wife ( mayo methot ) once stabbed him in the shoulder &	he was asking for it . you should have seen what he was wearing . he was practically begging her to do it .

1 jehovah's witnesses have falsely predicted the end of the world 20 times .	one literally just came to my door as i saw this post ...

1 shooting on " no country for old men " had to be shut down because of the smoke clouds drifting over from the nearby set of " there will be	i'm an oil man .

1 stephen fry claims that douglas adams told him why he chose the number 42 , and that he will take the secret to his grave	i love this man .

1 the roman emperor commodus would fight in the arena as a gladiator . his opponents consisted of giraffes , citizens missing limbs and wounded roman soldiers . for every appearance	i wish he wasn't dead so i could kill him . i would slice off a slice of his fanny . for his last meal he gets knuckle sandwiches and

1 the world's first buddhist ruler , emperor ashoka , who ruled india form 274-232 bce , was the first ruler in human history to ban slavery , the death penalty	hell yeah . oh . wait a minute oops !

1 weezer's second album ' pinkerton ' was voted the 3rd worst album of the year by rolling stone readers in 1996 . six years later it was voted the 16th	" i'm sorry ... i'm sorry , i'm soooooorry . " * album ends * those fucking feels .
2 back in the early days of my cd collecting , my middle school self ordered this album , not realizing there was one that wasn't the blue album . i	i think that is a pretty common rite of passage during that age . you incidentally find yourself really deep in music that you didn't expect and it feels like

1 the donkey kong in dk64 is actually donkey kong jr . all grown up & cranky kong is the original donkey kong from the arcade version of donkey kong	i like how this thread just turned into insulting the op as much as possible . real classy guys .
2 it's a common problem more " core " gamers try and pin on " casual " gamers for not making the effort into looking this up before hand .	which is so fucking stupid because dkc is only 6 years older than dk64 .

1 chris farley was the original choice to voice the title character of the dreamworks animated film shrek , but died just before recording was finished . it's said approximately 80-90	i live in a hut , down by the swamp ! !
2 that skit is funny , but [ this one ! ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IfR1TwosYQg )	better quality https://screen.yahoo.com/chris-farley-snl-skits/schillervision-hidden-camera-commercials-000000545.html

1 mr . potato head kits came without a body from 1952 until 1964 , expecting you to provide your own potatoes .	if i can't provide for my family how can i provide my own potatoes ? !

1 british naval submarines have for years flown the jolly roger to honor submarine tradition .	the last british submarine to sink an enemy ship was hms conqueror during the falklands war , which sank the ara general belgrano ( with a ww2 era straight firing
2 and the belgrano was formerly the uss phoenix ( cl - 46 )	which survived the bombing of pearl harbor by virtue of not being there at the time .

1 in 1979 a woman jumped from the 86th floor of the empire state building , only to be blown back onto the 85th floor . her only injury was a	have the mythbusters done this ?

1 a massachusetts court ruled that a sandwich must contain two slices of bread , thus legally barring tacos , burritos , and quesadillas from being called " sandwiches . "	oh , sure ! they brag about their marriage equality , then define a sandwich as a marriage between slices of bread .

1 neil gaiman wanted to make a movie of " anansi boys " , but the moviemakers wanted to change the black characters to white and remove any magic ( in	i " d watch it .

1 genesis p-orridge ( of throbbing gristle ) and his late wife underwent a series of surgical procedures to look like the same hybrid pandrogynous entity--two halves of an identical person	met her during sxsw this past year . not a very friendly person towards her fan's .

1 kim kardashians failed marriage could have paid for my college tuition for 900 years	i was just saying how refreshing it is to not see kim kardashian mentioned on the front page ... now you've done it ! ! !

1 despite being nominated five times , gandhi never won a nobel peace prize . in 1948 , the year he died , no one was awarded the prize as there	al gore got one for a slide presentation .

1 ' the bible ' is purportedly the book most frequently stolen from book stores .	i thought the guinness world records was the book most stolen . i could have sworn i read they held the world record for most stolen book ? then again

1 despite making $ 475 million at the box office , against a $ 32.5 million budget , return of the jedi is still shown as not making any profit ,	pencil-whipping is common in the movie industry . but seriously , david prowse never showed his face until the closing minutes of jedi . his voice was never used and
2 david prowse never showed his face in any of the star wars movies .	assumed it was him after luke helped him take his mask off , so he could look upon him with his own eyes .

1 if you plant an apple seed , the resulting tree will not produce the same kinds of apples . in fact , they will taste significantly different and may be	yep . and the huge quantities of inedible apples led to the rise of apple cider aa a common drink .
2 i was about to sarcastically thank johnny appleseed when i read the title . now i'm going to sincerely thank johnny appleseed .	i have celiac , so thank you johnny !

1 after steve irwin's death several stingrays were found mutilated on the beaches of queensland in what appeared to be revenge killings .	immediately made me think of the copier " incident " from office space

1 game of thrones revceives money from the irish government to keep airing because their innitial investment of 9 million pounds returned 65 million pounds through got related tourism .	i think we have reached peak game of thrones . it is now a challenge to go through a day without hearing about it at least once . it is

1 before lincoln was anti-slavery he used ethnic slurs , told jokes that ridiculed blacks , insisted he opposed social equality , and proposed sending freed slaves to another country .	op isn't aware that a : lincoln wasn't a saint , and b : lincoln was a man of his time .

1 lyndon b . johnson had a specific button installed on his desk that summoned a military aide to bring him a fresca .	i used to have a lever that would summon a small boy for me to engage in congress of the animals with in my day .

1 keanu reeves had a girlfriend in the late 90s that gave birth to his daughter but tragically the baby was stillborn and the girlfriend died in a car accident 2	do not approve .

1 spaghetti marinara wasn't invented until the new world was discovered , since tomatoes came from the aztecs . before that , pasta was eaten plain with no sauce ... with	am i right in thinking that ' marinara ' is an american invention ? i live in the uk and only associate it with american invasion brands like subway .

1 : antoine dodson , the " hide yo kids , hide yo wife " guy announced he is " no longer into homosexuality " and become a black hebrew israelite	because nobody's linked them yet : [ original ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EzNhaLUT520 ) [ schmoyoho remix ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hMtZfW2z9dw ) ( auto-tune the news )

1 the guy who snagged windows2000.com happened to be named bob and microsoft just happened to own bob.com . they came to an agreement to trade one for the other .	[ bob.com ] ( http://www.bob.com/ ) . still looks like it's the year 2000 over there . even if it does have links to twitter and facebook .
2 he's going to see a sudden surge in visitor traffic today and think " finally , this deal has paid off ! " time to [ celebrate ! ] (	more like ... http://www.sherv.net/cm/emo/funny/2/banana.gif

1 adam west , clint eastwood , and burt reynolds were all offered the role of james bond , and all declined , believing james bond should always be played by	now i want to see norm macdonald playing burt reynolds , playing james bond .

1 a dutch warship was disguised as a tropical island to escape detection by the japanese in wwii . it was the only ship of its class to survive .	the real trick is that apparently a french warship successfully camoflaged itself as a dutch one .

1 the queen is the only person in the uk who is not required to have a driving licence in order to drive	http://youtu.be/vYHVOIDUGE8 fuck off i'm the queen

1 any " kobe " beef purchased outside of japan or china is fake ; actual kobe beef must be raised in specific parts of japan , and is illegal to	the same rule with champagne , anything that's not from champagne france isn't champagne .
2 ... and don't ' forget about milwaukee's best ice . all other " ice " beers just don't make the cut .	mbi ? who would ever forget about that mbi ?

1 the word " ewok " is never spoken by anyone in return of the jedi . mind blown .	i hate niggers
2 spoiler alert	[ not really ] ( http://imgur.com/ldQyH )
3 hey ! he was really good as the voice of the joker .	and fire lord ozai . oh good shit , yes .

1 the beatles have sold more records than bob marley , tupac shakur , nirvana , the beach boys and kanye west combined by over 30 million units	it's probably because kanye helped that paul mccartney guy rise to fame .
2 look out , here comes the " kanye west ? never heard of her " meme	/ r / lewronggeneration

1 the writing staff of futurama held three ph . d . s , seven masters degrees , and cumulatively had more than 50 years at harvard	i'm reading through that whole article and i'm like katey sagal , who the fuck is that , peg is the voice of leela

1 mark wahlberg committed vicious hate crimes , including harassing african-american children by throwing rocks at them and shouting racial epithets and permanently blinding a vietnamese man in one eye .	it's funny to me that reddit flips out whenever there's an issue of white on black hatred but there's zero outrage for an overt racist like jay z .

1 volvo invented the three-point seat belt , then let other car manufacturers use the design free of charge in the interest of safety .	do you know how many times this shits been posted ? enough for me to tell you

1 george carlin hosted the very first episode of saturday night live .	if you ever get a chance , go back and watch the first 3 or 4 episodes of snl . the format was still being worked out and it all

1 not all kamikaze were volunteers , ' ' it's all a lie that they left filled with braveness and joy , crying , ' long live the emperor ! '	i remember watching a documentary about some kind of experimental japanese mini submarines tested during ww2 . it was basically manned torpedo . the crew were expected to die in
2 these are actually mentioned in the show arrow as well	and * used * .
3 love the show , but i found it a tad hard to suspend belief that they could get a crashed japanese sub running after 70 years .	shhhhh , mirakuru

1 oral sex was illegal in canada ... until 1969 .	well , that sucks . oops , i guess it didn't until ' 69 .

1 serial killer john wayne gacy ( killing at least 33 young men ) was very active in local community activities . as a result of his contributions , he met	did a report on him for a criminal justice class along with jeffrey dahmer ... fucked me up for a while

1 guinea pigs were domesticated and raised as a food source by ancient incas	definitely still eaten by the quechua in peru , and don't taste half bad

1 the girl who played young amelia pond is the real life cousin of the actress who played amy pond	oh great , and now i am going to watch doctor who all night .

1 kevin spacey personal life is so private that no one can confirm his girlfriend's identity .	jesus fuck .. this thread is perfect proof of kevin's point about gossip and privacy .

1 tickling was a form of torture used in ancient china on nobility because it left no mark and recovery was quick .	if a chinese person ever gives you trouble , tickle them

1 homeschooling is illegal in > 25 countries , including germany , greece , sweeden , cuba , brazil and turkey	it's sweden , not sweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeden . i don't get why people keep getting it wrong .
2 sweed jesus	sweed nothing

1 the uniforms worn by the alliance on firefly are leftover costumes from starship troopers .	also , the armor was previously reused in power rangers ( lost galaxy ): http://youtu.be/HGSflZGoogo?t=5s
2 cerina vincent ! saw her boobs .	wow , had to check the imdb ... only took 2 years from power rangers to " not another teen movie . "

1 as a child elon musk was bullied so severely he once had to be hospitalized because of a beating from other students	bullied child + genius billionaire = super villian
2 the next kingpin	do not embarrass him .
3 musk or fisk ? ( do you not see the resemblance here ... )	it was a reference buddy

1 a " butt " was a medieval unit of measure for wine . technically , a buttload of wine is about 475 liters , or 126 gallons .	for your wine .

1 the pilot episode of lost was so expensive ( ~ $ 14 million ) that the network president was fired for green-lighting it	as a lost fan of the highest order ( when it was originally showed ) i am still waiting for my mind-blowing final episode

1 over 90 % of pregnancies in the united kingdom and europe with a diagnosis of down syndrome are terminated .	" the united kingdom and europe " ... yeah , just like in " florida and the united states " ...
2 the us is a country , europe is not	a state is to a country in the same way a country is to a continent . i think that was the relation the original comment was trying to imply
3 buuuuuut , the uk * technically * isn't part of the continent . it's almost its own continent if you get literal . but then again , the us has	yes it is . in the same way that japan is part of asia

1 a u . s . senator was called a hero for refusing a bribe from the fbi , to which the senator responded - " i do not consider myself	> john jenrette was one of the few who resigned before they were expelled from the house . during the operation , jenrette was asked by an undercover fbi agent
2 elected by none other then * * you * * , wake up , america .	i think the misuse of * then * really drives the message home .

1 a parrot named " alex " was the very first ( and only ) non-human animal to ask an existential question . he asked what color he was , and	i read through that wikipage and didn't realize that i was so emotionally invested in this until i got to this > alex's last words to pepperberg were : "
2 i didn't sign up for this feel trip	well , your authorized adult signed the permission slip . you're coming with me .

1 vince lonbardi could not stand discrimination based on race or sexual preference .	spelling error aside , this is one til where i actually learnt something new .

1 the longest ever recorded sniper kill was shot from 2,475 meters or 1.54 miles away by british coh craig harrison . the bullet took over 6 seconds to reach its	and to think , i have only hit 1800 meter shots with that gun in arma 2 . man is baller :P
2 i can't even shoot anything after 200 meters , how do you do all those calculations ? i feel so ashamed for being an asian to ask help for calculations	each ( small ) grid on the map is 100x100m . pythagorean theorem will get you most distances , then you need to think about elevation and wind if you're
3 yeah , but i guess just too much math for me ... i think i should just stick to assault rifles but thanks anyway .	it's not for everyone , of course but if you ever find yourself looking for a challenge , i highly recommend it .

1 14 - year old laurence fishburne lied about his age to play a 17 year old soldier in apocalypse now . filming took so long that fishburne was actually 17	was he the one " soldier , do you know who's in command here ? " " mother fucker ... "
2 he was the 14 year old black kid .	common mistake .

1 eric clapton was / is a racist asshole	a lot of apologists here . booze or no booze , those are some disgusting and hypocritical things he said .
2 in retrospect clapton said " the uk is still " ... inviting people in as cheap labour and then putting them in ghettos . " you may disagree , but	sure , it's all worth having a discussion over . but it better not be started by someone who said : > fucking wogs , man . fucking saudis taking
3 what the hell is a wog ?	another term over there is " nig nog " . my father-in-law is british ( i married a brit ) and he sometimes calls middle easterners and blacks " nig

1 an identity thief stole the identity of a surgeon and while aboard a navy destroyer was tasked with performing several life saving surgeries . he proceeded to memorize a medical	how does a college move across the country ?

1 collin kaepernick's family gameday tradition is to feed his 115lb tortoise a piece of lettuce with the opposing team's logo drawn in crayon .	" here tortoise , heeeeeeeere tortoise . feathers are good for you . " ( evil laugh ) . voodoo .

1 one of the originally pitched names for hannah montana was alexis texas .	makes me wonder what would have happened if they went with that name , since the show was on before the pornstar started making movies . what would alexis texas
2 > what would alexis texas ' name be ? alaska thunderfuck 5000	i almost spit out my drink reading that ...

1 many sources , including the us army and les stroud , advise against drinking your own piss	there is a word for bear gryll's favourite past time : * * urophagia * * .

1 the disney channel doesn't accept outside ads . the only commercials it airs are for its own shows and disney products .	which is why i never understood why they fucking have commercials during movies ! ? it's not like they're making any money off of them !

1 nimrod was originally a great hunter in the book of genesis . in 1932 , when bugs bunny called infamously bad hunter elmer fudd " nimrod " sarcastically in a	it's always interesting too see how drastically culture can completely change or alter word definitions .
2 i beginning to see the word " literally " change its definition .	according to some modern dictionaries ' literally ' literally means ' figuratively . '
3 > ' literally ' literally means ' figuratively . ' some recursive logic right here .	stack overflow

1 the artificial sweetener sucralose ( splenda ) was discovered when a researcher misheard a command to " test this chemical " as " taste this chemical " .	no nurse ! i said remove his spectacles !

1 one of woody harrelson's four conditions for accepting the role of tallahassee in zombieland was that the director not eat dairy products for a week	was it for humanitarian reasons or just to fuck with him ?

1 : the ottoman turks unknowingly used the rosetta stone as a building slab for a military fort . the french captured the fort , and became fascinated with the stone	" unknowingly "

1 in 1787 a man was hanged for deserting and re-enlisting in the british army 47 times , in order to get the large bounty obtained upon joining the army .	sounds like patching life as if it were a game .

1 lions can mate up to 50 times a day .	amateurs .

1 in germany , norway , sweden , japan , canada , greece , and finland , maternity leave meets or exceeds 6 months ; compare that to the u .	i'll tell you in japan it's federally mandated but women can rarely get paid leave ( well sometimes they get ~ 25 % )

1 the catholic church considers superstition to be a sin .	isn't like asking for a miracle or praying for a " good day " kind of superstitious too ?

1 in the online game eve a player group spent 12 months infiltrating a rival group , then assassinated their leader and stole or destroyed $ 16,500 . 00 usd worth	the more i read about this game , the less i want to play it because it would consume my life .
2 it is * its * own universe , in which you can live your own life and have your own career . it's intense , and not for those who	you mean ... like real life ? no , thanks . i tried it and didn't like it ...

1 frank lampard is harry redknapp's nephew	i did not know this . have an upvote .

1 elon musk is " nauseatingly pro-american " , and he believes that " the united states is [ inarguably ] the greatest country that has ever existed on earth "	this made me curious about how many americans as a whole have this view . as it turns out , [ not as many as i expected . ] (
2 my issue with this kind of thing is that you always have to ask what makes a country great . if you are saying power projection , america is probably	i'd put the quality of healthcare in america better then most countries . quantity and accessibility might be lower though .

1 danny devito was the executive producer on pulp fiction	he was also the executive producer in " a walk among the tombstones " which was an amazing film .

1 a high school student served 5 years in jail and had to register as a sex offender after being falsely accused of rape by a classmate of his , because	he was a highly recruited football player as well with a lot of potential . his story is actually being made into a movie last i saw : http://sports.yahoo.com/blogs/nfl-shutdown-corner/brian-banks-will-have-his-story-made-into-movie--directed-by-lee-daniels-021711506.html
2 that woman should be forced to pay damages based on his future earnings . force her to pay every single dime she earns recompensing this man .	and she needs to be sentenced to a jail term twice as long as he served .

1 paris hilton's grandfather donated 97 % of the hilton family fortune to charity and is embarrassed of his granddaughter	" reports have said " is hardly a denunciation .

1 howard hughes bought an entire casino just so he could tear down their neon sign . visible from hughes ' bedroom , it apparently had kept him up at night	he also had a personal assistant for over a decade . they never met in person . he died on an airplane weighing only ninety pounds and with five hypodermic

1 the chrysler pt cruiser is actually a truck . chrysler specifically designed it to fit criteria for a light truck in order to bring the average fuel efficiency of the	as a kid who played gran turismo 3 , the pt cruiser was my favourite starting car because it was the most efficient car that you can afford . suffice
2 i think you're forgetting the miata . much better starting car in gran turismo 3 , unless you're just going to grind the first track for hours on end ...	in pretty much all gran turismos the miata is pretty much the car to buy early in the game .

1 in 2005 , the dea reported seizing $ 477 million worth of drugs , whereas the estimated value of drugs sold within and into the us is $ 64 billion	obviously we need to raise the dea's budget 100 fold
2 success through failure .	beatings will continue until morale improves .

1 8 state constitutions prohibit atheists from holding public office - - in violation of the us constitution	sheesh , allow atheists to hold positions in public office - what's next ? allowing the gays to openly serve in the military ! ! ? ;)

1 there is actually a leif ericson day in the us , as celebrated by spongebob .	aka talos
2 hey now , we don't want any trouble with the thalmor . you just take that stuff somewhere else , got it ?	you mean he should take it ... elsweyr ?

1 judith barsi , the child actor who voiced the role of anne-marie in the movie " all dogs go to heaven " , was shot in the head in her	shit man , this comes up on a weekly basis . do we have to keep dragging it up ?

1 in 2005 the simple cardboard box was inducted into the national toy hall of fame	stick beats box any day - * * just another example of big cardboard throwing their weight around to screw the farmers . * *
2 my transmogrifier , cerebral enhance-o-tron , duplicator , & time machine say otherwise .	i notice your name is missing a gooey kablooie ... you might wanna get that checked out .

1 within a few decades of the magna carta being put in place in england , genghis khan ( founder of the mongolian empire ) implemented a very similar document into	dan carlin just finished a great series on the khans . its about 8 hours but is really good stuff . http://www.dancarlin.com/disp.php?page=hharchive

1 north korea has an estimated $ 6 trillion worth in mineral and rare earth metal reserves , but cannot be mined because nk lacks the technology to do so .	sounds like they need some democracy .

1 a struggling young harper lee once received one year's wages as a gift from a friend with the note : " you have one year off from your job to	all my professors were right about wikipedia

1 one of the few american pilots to shoot down a japanese plane at pearl harbor did so while wearing his pajamas and flying an obsolete plane .	' murika ! but seriously . awesome .
2 hiroshima . nagasaki . enough said .	stopped the war * they * started , whatever .
3 stopped ? you must be joking .	how do you disagree , the war ended days later .

1 imhotep , unlike his movie counterpart in " the mummy " , had a respected reputation , and was the author of the first egyptian medical treatise completely devoid of	the answer to question one : imhotep is invisible .

1 colombian drug trafficker carlos lehder bought himself an island in the bahamas where he put an airstrip which controlled the drugs coming in from south america and entering the us	according to wikipedia george jung is currently serving his sentence at federal correctional institution , fort dix , new jersey and is due to be release in november of this
2 i hope he gets to see his daughter .	you will be glad to know his daughter sees george on a regular basis and regrets not coming sooner .

1 elephants mourn and bury their dead .	> * * asian elephants * * have the greatest volume of cerebral cortex available for cognitive processing of all existing land animals & #3232 ;\ _ & #3232 ;
2 [ yep . ] ( http://gifs.gifbin.com/sw50sw8sw578.gif )	they can't help it . they all had asian fathers .

1 ibm's watson uses 16,384 gb of ram .	but will it run crysis 2 at max settings ?
2 no , because it uses a different architecture , not x86 or x64 . i believe it's powerpc , but i could be wrong .	if the absence of a gpu weren't a problem , could watson emulate x86 fast enough to play a modern game ? windows has been run on a humble ps3
3 unfortunately windows can't utilize much more than 16 cores , and watson has alot more than that . so supercomputers are only applicable when you write the code specifically for	where did you come up with the 16 core number ? i hadn't heard that before .

1 general custer was last in his class at westpoint .	general custer was a blonde haired criminal

1 carl sagan coauthored a book arguing that the theory of ancient civilizations being contacted by advanced extraterrestrials should be seriously considered .	so brave

1 smoking makes breasts sag faster than normal by breaking down a protein in the skin called elastin , which gives youthful skin its elastic appearance and supports the breast .	so , that oldest living woman who smoked cigarettes from age 21 to 117 must have boobs that hang down to her ankles .
2 do they wobble to and fro	can you tie them in a bow ?
3 can you pull them to your toe ?	can you throw them over your shoulder like a continental soldier

1 during the time of the devastating 2011 joplin , mo tornado , a traveling circus was in town but couldn't perform due to the weather . instead , they enlisted	always good to see a circus who can use their animals for good , as opposed to treating them poorly for the sole purpose of human entertainment
2 oh i'm sure they would have beat the shit out of the elephants if they didn't comply .	came here to say that the phrase enlist the help of ussually doesnt apply to slaves but now seeing your comments reception ill say yay for elephants helping !

1 homosexuality was still classified as an illness in sweden in 1979 . swedes protested by calling in sick to work , claiming they felt gay .	i have no problem with gay people , but it is still against natural selection and evolution theory to be gay
2 so is being short , having narrow hips , short legs , skin that sunburns easily , poor eyesight , bad hand eye coordination , food allergies ... etc	your argument is flawed because even though all those things have apart to play in natural selection and evolution ; you are still able to reproduce . male-to-male does not
3 thx for the support , and once again id like to state i have friends who are gay and i have no problem with it but it does not help	ah , so its about eugenics . gotcha .

1 the guy who snagged windows2000.com happened to be named bob and microsoft just happened to own bob.com . they came to an agreement to trade one for the other .	i wish i had a website : i

1 fats waller was kidnapped to be the surprise guest at al capone's birthday party at gunpoint . he left 3 days later intoxicated with thousands of dollars in tips .	fats waller : what the hell is this ? al capone : it's my birthday " surprise " party . fats waller : you don't seem " surprised . "

1 during the iraq war , the us military was in the habit of leaving items such as detonation cords , plastic explosives and ammunition laying about , and then when	sorry but i don't see how this is justified . if i was living in a country in a state of chaos , poverty , and war like iraq was

1 : 80 % of n . w . a . ' s straight outta compton sales were in the suburbs , beyond the boundaries of black neighborhoods .	all black people live in the same neighborhoods and are not allowed in the suburbs .
2 i may be biased coming from chicago but that's pretty accurate from my experience . any minorities spotted in my neighborhood got reported / harassed . lots of bored police	that's scary to say the least . is this common in chicago ?
3 well i'm in the sw suburbs and people are removed enough to still be closeminded from afar , but yeah chicago is considered one of the most segregated cities in	my ex girlfriend was a high school teacher down in roseland and dolton on the far south side of chicago . some her kids had never seen downtown or the

1 queen elizabeth ii has been described as " addicted " to her golden-plated wii console , and has expressed the wish to be a horse .	queen liz the person is like any other old lady .
2 that's exactly why they spread this rumor .	it's not just this . remember when she was distracted by picking at her nails while the camera was on her during the recent olympics ?

1 when chamillionaire asked michael jordan for a pic , jordan responded with " i ain't taking pictures with no n * ggas . "	i mean this doesn't surprise me . jordan is a well known degenerate gambler , supposedly flaking on debts because he is well ... michael jordan .

1 when bill robinson , early film megastar and sidekick to shirley temple , was asked by a manager to leave a restaurant , he asked to borrow a $ 10	i don't understand what he was trying to achieve here .
2 let's say the manager was counting the money at the end of the day . if he had a large stack of $ 10 bills , he wouldn't be able	this makes it so much clearer to me .

1 while the term anti-semitism refers only to the hatred / discrimination of jews , the semitic peoples are actually a group of over 30 ancient and modern peoples , including	so does this mean that jews who are racist against arabs could be accurately described as anti-semitic ?
2 * technically * yes ; however , " anti-semitic " has been used almost exclusively to refer purely to hatred of jews for quite a while now , and that	i use the word decimate for that purpose when it's appropriate , which is rarely .

1 for scorpions to reproduce , the male deposits a capsule of sperm on the ground , then wrestles a female on top of it .	haha its interesting that humans are mostly the only species that are concerned with the idea of consent .
2 haha not me .	haha

1 the " state meal " of oklahoma is fried okra , squash , cornbread , barbecue pork , biscuits , sausage and gravy , grits , corn , strawberries ,	my grandma used to make the best chicken fried steak anywhere and you could spackle your walls with her gravy . i miss it .

1 16 % lithuanian people are hiv resistant .	what if you're 25 % lithuanian ?
2 hey i'm 25 % lithuanian too .	so strange ... i am too ...

1 peanuts creator charles m . schulz refused to use a laugh track for a charlie brown christmas . he thought the audience should be able to enjoy the show without	i find laugh tracks to be one of the most annoying aspects of tv sitcoms and tv specials , unless it's used in a satirical way . i'm so glad
2 the only show that could ever work with a laugh track was seinfeld .	easier way to get some karma he ?

1 the snl jeopardy sketch was created by norm macdonald purely so that he could show off his burt reynolds impression .	i think you mean his turd ferguson impression .
2 thank you ! i was wondering who burt reynolds was , then i remembered that it's what trebeck tried to call turd ferguson in the sketch .	burt's the guy in the red shirt . epic movie . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JVKMNw0uUGw
3 damn sally field was hot	yes she was . great lady .

1 the estimated jewish population of afghanistan is 1 .	if there is one individual , i wouldn't exactly call it an ' estimate ' . til nonetheless .

1 before a game larry bird told chuck person that he had christmas present waiting for him . while person was on the bench bird shot a three pointer right in	how do you pronounce " f * % #ing " ? you can cuss , it's not a big fucking deal .
2 fuckstarpercentnumbering , of course .	i had to say this out loud , and got a weird disturbed look from my girlfriend across the room . laughed my ass off .

1 tic tacs are labeled as having zero sugar in the usa despite the fact that sugar is the first ingredient . fda requirements allow for sugar per serving to be	same with splenda . it has fewer calories than regular sugar , but if you add as much as i do to your coffee , plain greek yogurt , and

1 flavor flav was a musical prodigy and was proficient in 15 instruments and also graduated from culinary school	one of those instruments is " triangle " . ... c'mon , son .

1 the pilot episode of lost was so expensive ( ~ $ 14million ) that the network president was fired for greenlighting it .	that's one reason why pilots are usually so bad compared to the actual show : low production values .
2 my question is ... do they even consider re-hiring the guy ? i mean he obviously made the right move or do they have so much " pride " ,	well he went to work for yahoo . they should've hired lloyd braun back - he was the last competent president of abc .

1 during the filming of the nude co-ed shower scene in starship troopers , director paul verhoeven was also completely naked . it was the only way the actors agreed to	i recently heard a young woman complaining that the movie was misogynistic for having the shower scene . she didn't believe me when i explained that heinlein was actually trying
2 actually what i got from the book was that women generally made better pilots than men , but women were very rare in the mobile infantry . not sure if	the most talented people got the job regardless of whether they were male or female . that is the very definition of equality .

1 rommel's afrikakorps was never accused of war crimes , he was involved in plots to assassinate hitler , he protested against the treatment of jews , refused to execute commandos	i feel bad for rommel . one of the finest military minds in history ? lol go fight in the desert rommel , oh and they'll have the high ground

1 christian , judaic , and islamic texts all ban interest on loans	the reason jews have gotten the reputation for being money hoarders , etc . was because in medieval europe , it was illegal for any christians to make money from
2 just when i thought i was going to be the clever motherfucker to drop some knowledge , you went ahead and stole my thunder . fuck reddit .	my jewish-christian relations class from college finally paid off

1 condemned prisoners in texas don't get a last meal any more . one guy screwed it up for everyone by ordering a huge meal and not eating any of it	this really seems more childish on the texan prison system's part .

1 an eagle scout who joins the us army is automatically promoted to private first class .	this also applies to girl scouts who earn their girl scout gold award . :)

1 pink was a ' guy ' color in the early 20th century , because it was derived from red .	golly ... i didn't realize everyone was so friggin gay in the early 20th century !

1 wisdom teeth removal has virtually no benefit in most cases , and in fact the uk advises that it may be harmful and recommends they not be taken out .	i dunno about that i'm 29 and my 2 top wisdom teeth are totally fucked . there coming out in pieces i spit them out every once in a while

1 in 9 days ( thursday 10th september ) elizabeth ii will replace victoria to become the longest reigning monarch in british history	come on , liz ! you can do it !

1 a koi fish , named " hanako " , was owned by several individuals over many years and lived to be 226 years old , dying in 1977 .	how the fuck do hedgehogs clear ponds of fish ?

1 : an mit student wrote newton's equation for acceleration of a falling object on the blackboard before jumping to his death from a 15th floor classroom .	what , he didn't account for drag ?

1 while in the military mr . t was ordered to cut down trees as a punishment by a sergeant . he cut down 70 trees in 3 1/2 hours before	at the bottom of the same wikipage is proof of this military ptsd : " in 1987 , he angered the residents of a chicago suburb , lake forest ,

1 shrek , originally was supposed to be played by bill murray , but dreamworks took over and chris farley was cast . farely recorded about 90 % of the dialogue	chris farley as shrek makes a lot of sense .
2 i imagine him in the " big stupid ugly ogre ... they judge me before they know me " scene , and i get very sad .	yeah ... yeah : (

1 bruce willis ' " die hard " was originally written as a sequel to arnold schwarzenegger's " commando "	it's amazing how fucking stupid film producers can be . it would have been retarded being a sequel to commando . wtf were they thinking ?

1 before he became emperor , it was predicted that roman emperor caligula had " no more chance of becoming emperor than of riding a horse across the bay of baiae	of course , he did this by sinking every ship in the harbor , causing widespread grain shortages and economic panic in rome . if you want a really inspirational
2 i , cladius is a classic . cladius did have his faults as well . he did a pretty good job of executing people threatening his power .	true enough . but when someone's trying to assassinate you every other day , i can see the need to clear house occasionally . he did nothing like the purges

1 the first woman in u . s . congress was also the only person to vote against war with japan following the bombing of pearl harbor	congress woman mata hari how do you vote ?

1 the creator of the girl scouts became deaf when a grain of rice thrown at her wedding became lodged in her one good ear .	it sounds like her eardrum was punctured during the removal " surgery " . why the hell not just use a syringe and water ? or at least soak the

1 queen is the only band in which every member has composed more that one chart-topping single .	also one of the few bands to have a guitar player who earned a phd in astrophysics : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brian_May#Astrophysics
2 he also built his own guitar . and wrote [ ' 39 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BnfeI0h9eB0 ) which is one of my favourite songs . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brian_May#Equipment	' 39 is one of my favorite queen songs too , the queen version and the george michael version from freddie's tribute concert , look it up on youtube ,

1 weird al intended to parody the beatles " free as a bird " on his album bad hair day . paul mccartney gave permission for the parody , but since	yoko ohno nononononono

1 when writing " paradise city , " the band had to vote on the second line because slash wanted " where the girls are fat and they've got big titties	i love that album . i had just graduated basic training and the drills allowed us to go to the px and buy things . i bought a portable cassette
2 parris island ? that store is amazing .	nah , i was army .
3 i recently graduated , platoon 3073 , i was given liberty for 10 days and the.first thing i did was go to that store and eat food .	the one across from the phones or the gas station thing by 1st rtbn ?

1 irish people were also enslaved in the americas	tg4 ( irish language tv station ) made an documentary in 1976 about this actually called redlegs : sclábhaithe siúcra na héireann . i don't know where one would find
2 tg4 was started in 1996	maybe they didn't make it so ! the documentary is real though , and it's in irish . saw it on tg4 myself last christmas i think it was .
3 mayhaps this is the video you are talking about : [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0QHYFXDGf4Y )	that's a piece of it alright . there's a lot more though !

1 steely dan was named after a dildo in william s . burroughs ' naked lunch	[ yeah ... a * * very * * powerful one . ] ( http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-297 )

1 7up originally contained lithium citrate , a mood-stabilizing drug . it was in the product until 1950 .	god damn it , snacks used to be so awesome . these days you have to lace your food with drugs by hand , like some plebeian .
2 i'm on lithium , it's not a fun drug .	are you incredible math ?

1 8 out of 9 developers of the hugely influential n64 game goldeneye 007 had never worked on video games before .	fifteenth birthday coming up !

1 david yost , who played billy the blue power ranger , quit the show after frequent harassment from the crew for being gay	oh my god he's from council bluffs . may god have mercy on his soul .

1 the riaa tried to sue limewire for $ 72 trillion in damages - - an amount of money larger than the entire planet's gdp .	i just got hit with nostalgia when limewire was mentioned . remember kazaa and napster ? downloading songs on a 56k modem . good times .
2 bearshare . that was my first p2p .	bearshare was awesome

1 fire extinguishers used to be color coded based on what was inside ; today , each one has pictures on it that show what kinds of fires it can fight	in australia they still have colour coded bands . you have to learn what they all mean as part of fire warden training if you ever go through that .
2 > ˙ ʇɐɥʇ ɥƃnoɹɥʇ oƃ ɹǝʌǝ noʎ ɟı ƃuıuıɐɹʇ uǝpɹɐʍ ǝɹıɟ ɟo ʇɹɐd sɐ uɐǝɯ llɐ ʎǝɥʇ ʇɐɥʍ uɹɐǝl oʇ ǝʌɐɥ no ⅄ ˙ spuɐq pǝpoɔ ɹnoloɔ ǝʌɐɥ llıʇs ʎǝɥʇ	why would you undo all my hard work ? i have to type upside down just so you can read what i'm saying , then you go and turn it

1 when asked about same-sex marriage in 1970 , richard nixon said " i can't go that far ; that's the year 2000 ! negroes [ and whites ] , okay	say what you will about nixon , he was not an idiot .
2 what if i told you even smart people can still be idiots .	i would call you an idiot .

1 mountain dew was made to be mixed with whiskey	and i know what i'll be drinking later , thanks reddit !

1 princess leia's iconic metal bikini was inspired by fisher's complaints that the loose-fitting outfits she wore in the star wars concealed her feminine physique .	someone really went overboard in trying to show fischer up .

1 there is a deleted scene in the fly where seth brundle uses the telepods to fuse a baboon and a cat together , and then beats the fused creature to	[ scene for those who are interested ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QizX5msl-G0 ) - i can see why it was taken out , its a little messed up , but then again
2 he really cronenberg'd them good .	you know sometimes science is more art than science .

1 hedy lamarr , who was once voted most beautiful woman in the world , also invented a torpedo navigation system still that is still used today	yea beautiful and smart . weird ... ?

1 miyamoto musashi , 17th century japanese swordsman , twice arrived late to duels and defeated both opponents . upon his next duel , he arrived early , and ambushed the	miyamoto musashi did any unspecified number of badass things .
2 damn this til went better than expected , this musashi dude was pretty cool .	i think musashi is a pretty cool guy , he kills guys and doesn't bathe or anything .

1 the arctic monkeys ' performance on jimmy kimmel had to be canceled because kanye west talked for too long .	itt : people saying " itt people hating on kanye "
2 itt : people saying " itt : people saying " itt people hating on kanye " "	itt : people saying " itt : people saying " itt : people saying " itt people hating on kanye " " "
3 we need to go deeper	" with my degree from itt tech , i was able to support my family by going deeper . "

1 adam savage has expressed an interest in proving natural selection over creationism on mythbusters . and has been working on a pitch for discovery .	why the hell would you need to prove natural selection and why in the shit would it disprove creationism ? i love mythbusters but this is just retarded .

1 despite writing about witchcraft and other spiritually dark things , j . k . rowling identifies herself as a christian , saying she doesn't " take any responsibility for the	there is a certain amount of " lunatic " in anyone who has managed to convince themselves that there is some form of powerful sky magician who watches everything and
2 galileo , mendel and lemaitre were all " lunatics " whelp , i guess we better throw heliocentric theory , genetics and the big bang theory out the window .	silly , all people we like were all closeted atheists who only pretended to believe in god so they wouldn't get lynched , or so that people would follow them

1 martin sheen has been arrested 66 times for protesting and acts of civil disobedience	we should all get high and go protest something important with charlie .

1 while the beatles were recording " get back " paul mccartney would look at yoko ono while singing the line " get back to where you once belonged . "	the article states that lennon was claiming that so it might as well not be true .

1 cracker jack , cream of wheat , juicy fruit , quaker oats , shredded wheat , pabst blue ribbon , elongated coins , spray paint , phosphorescent lamps , and	pabst was established in milwaukee in 1844

1 tug of war use to be an olympic sport with england having the most medals up until 1920 .	bring it back !

1 wal-mart once pulled midge , a doll in the barbie line , from the shelves due to concerns she was pregnant with no wedding ring and it would promote teen	this must have been before mtv stopped playing music , right ?

1 ol ' dirty bastard rescued a 4 year old girl from the wreckage of a car accident that occured in front of his recording studio .	because wu-tang is for the children .
2 he was probably playing the odds that she was one of his 13 kids .	or , you know , ' cause god made dirt and dirt bust yo ' ass .
3 dirt mcgurt !	big baby jesus !

1 coca-cola deliberately designed tab clear to fail , in order to tarnish the public perception of pepsi's rival clear soda and ultimately sink both products .	* ( sigh ) * crystal pepsi failed because it was a strange marketing concept ... and it tasted bad . quit playing the blame-game for pepsi's own mistake .

1 when mr . t was serving in the army , his platoon sergeant punished him by ordering him to chop down trees . however , he did not specify how	mr . t is the real deal . " i live alone . i train alone . i win the title alone . "
2 tell that to the a-team .	the a-team served primarily as a mr t delivery system . if he hadn't been afraid of flying , the show would have been him working on his own .

1 gamers , playing an online protein folding game , helped decipher the structure of an aids causing virus in 10 days ; it had remained unsolved by scientists for 15	in general , i think that this type of occurrence is a testament to why modern communication , especially the internet , will push us to our next stage of
2 what if ... we put the internet .. in our .. asses ?	something like this : http://youtu.be/y-bYSC6OT6s

1 while alexander the great conquered the known world , he never attempted to attack the city-state of sparta .	it's funny how people romanticize sparta when they were basically proto-nazis .

1 u . s . park rangers have the highest # of homocides of any federal law enforcement .	makes sense , people like to hide things in the forests .

1 as of today , javi martinez holds 7 titles . world cup , european championship , champions league , uefa super cup , bundesliga , dfb-pokal and fifa club world	so ? [ as of today busi holds 8 tittles ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sergio_Busquets )
2 he holds four . he may have won more , but he doesn't currently hold all these titles .	ah you meant it that way , well ye he would hold them all as nobody has had a chance to win them again . let's not get into the
3 god damn i don't like you so hard	i'm 80 % sure he's the reincarnation of methwow

1 the nazis believed that britain was the most " racially pure " country of all the germanic nations , even more so than germany .	hahahaha really ? ? gaels , picts , saxons , angles , french ( norman ) ? britain is a group of separate nations , and england itself is very
2 saxons , angles , and jutes all come from north germany and denmark . normans are of nordic origin along with the obvious danes and norwegians that invaded later .	are not ( they are the only ones who really still exist ancestrally as britons - barrin danes and norwegians of british descent ) . though actually , of course

1 mike myers was sued by universal pictures for $ 3.8 million for backing out of a contract for a feature film . myers said he refused to honour the $	making the love guru was so much wiser a choice .
2 i liked it . not the citar ending but i liked .	people jump all over it , but it wasnt the worst movie ive seen in theatres .
3 better than transformers ...	if your movie includes a transformer urinating in a front yard , you might question your competence as a director .

1 there is a beer pipeline in germany	this is a direct pipeline of beer . your argument is invalid .

1 , in 1928 a supreme court justice argued against wiretapping and criticized the us government for its invasion of privacy	uhh , i'm pretty sure he's not the only one to do so ...

1 : patrick stewart once single handedly performed " a christmas carol " , playing over 40 seperate characters	i saw it in london ! unbeatable , unbelievable .

1 citizens of monaco are forbidden from entering the gaming rooms of the monte carlo casino . passports are checked at the door to enforce this rule .	true story - last night fx played a repeat of the archer episode based in monaco . one scene showed the butler exiting the casino with stolen cash only to

1 there's no archeological evidence of ancient jews being enslaved by , and later escaping , egyptian rule .	i also hear that all of the pyramids were built by skill laborers who took an immense amount of pride in their work . those egyptian tradesmen must be rolling
2 nobody ( with any sense of biblical text ) claims that the jews built the pyramids . jewish tradition and rabbinic writings instead claim they were forced to do menial	so they basically detailed in their writings that the tasks they were forced to perform can't in any way be verified due to the specific nature of the tasks .

1 if detroit was a country , it would have the fourth highest murder rate in the whole world .	damn . i thought mobile was bad .

1 the word " holocaust " literally translates to " sacrifice by fire "	it actually literally translates to " wholly burnt " from the greek holos ( whole ) and kaustein ( to burn ) . it was used to refer to sacrifices

1 if actor randy quaid steps foot on american soil again , he will be arrested and prosecuted .	here is randy talking about it this year . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uqjlGwl51eQ
2 tl ;d r he thinks the illuminati are wacking celebs and are after him . / r / conspiratard worthy . ( fixed link )	i love the fact a secret world-controlling organisation is somehow powerless once they get to canada .
3 we spent all our defense budget on the snow-powered illuminati-zapping forcefield . truth .	snow-powered ? i thought it was maple syrup powered and thats why you guys freaked out when your reserves were stolen ? oh wait , was the snow thing a

1 , before his days as a supernatural detective , norville " shaggy " rogers was once a track star and gymnast , " both of which hint at his uncanny	shaggy's real name is norville rogers .
2 this til is a case of baader-meinhof phenomenon for me . at trivia night last tuesday , one of the questions was about the better known nicknames of three fictional	i'd be terrible at that ; shaggy is the only one i knew .

1 the comedy film my cousin vinny is often praised by lawyers due to its accurate depiction of courtroom procedure , something very rare in films which portray trials . it	i saw this was posted over a year ago in this subreddit . i couldn't find any more recent post . if this is an annoying repost , i apologize
2 thank you for posting it . it inspired me to watch it again . i can't believe it's been 22 years !	you're most welcome . :)

1 george foreman has made more money selling his grills than for his boxing career in which he was a 2 - time heavyweight champion	everybody in my dorm had one because microwaves were banned ( dorm had really old / bad wiring )

1 asbestos in the united states has not been banned and is totally legal . when the environmental protection agency tried to ban it , supporters of the asbestos industry actually	c . r . e . a . m .

1 billie piper ( the actress who played rose tyler in doctor who ) divorced from her wealthy husband , she opted not to claim any money from him , stating	really says a lot that stuff like this has to be praised these days .

1 james bond originally used a beretta 418 until a fan of the novels ( and small arms expert ) told ian flemming that it was a lady's gun . flemming	" walther ppk 7.65 mm , i know of three agents in the world who use it , and i've killed two of them . what do you want mr

1 kgb defector anatoli golitsyn claimed in 1984 the ussr would intentionally collapse in order to lull the west into complacency .	makes sense , russia is now a world power in every sense . they are respected , admired , and people throw roses at any russian they see .

1 the forbidden fruit was never identified as an apple in the original hebrew texts .	it's always been a metaphor for temptation , the actual fruit doesn't mean anything .

1 the french military actually has the best military record in europe having won 132 of the 185 battles they fought in the last 800 years	french guy here , i feel so hated for no good reason it actually makes me sad . i'm gonna have myself a piece of camembert .
2 shhh ... c'est pas grave .. tiens , un calin .	hey , cut it out .

1 while christopher reeve was awaiting surgery to reattach his skull to his spine , a man burst through the door claiming to be a proctologist and said he needed to	robin williams ' outlook on life and friends is something i wish more people , including myself , emulated .
2 what's stopping you ?	you
3 yes , i am the man , and i am out to hold you back .	you have succeeded thus far .

1 elmer fudd , the hunter from looney tunes , is a vegetarian , and just hunts for the sport of it	isn't that counter productive ...

1 in the online game eve a player group spent 12 months infiltrating a rival group , then assassinated their leader and stole or destroyed $ 16,500 . 00 usd worth	eve : proving why libertarianism is okay in fantasy but would be terrible to live through since 2003 .
2 except this would be prosecuted in a libertarian government	government ? how can you have a government with no tax revenue to run it ? that's theft by force !
3 libertarians are not anarchists	they still believe taxes are theft and that the government basically puts a gun up to our heads to get it . i know libertarians believe in some kind of

1 in the us army , there is a rank higher than the 5 star general of the army , called general of the armies , and that only 2 people	nothing beats [ supreme commander for the allied powers ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supreme_Commander_for_the_Allied_Powers )

1 scientists in antarctica watch " the thing " every winter . we should all do that too on the same date . it should become a worldwide event .	addendum : watch the abyss and / or jaws at the start of beach season .

1 after becoming associated with the catchphrase " billions and billions , " carl sagan had a unit of measurement named after him . one sagan is equal to at least	i always thought a sagan was a unit of bravery equal to 1000 upvotes .
2 it is the si unit for bravery and is equal to about 1.06 ronpauls , for y'all ' murcans	9/10
3 boy , i've been jerking off dudes in a circle since before you were a seed in your daddy's balls .	false . only 90s kids circle jerk

1 when mark wahlberg was a teenager he was convicted of attempted murder and sentenced to 2 years in jail ( of which he served 45 days )	marky mark , you son of a bitch ...

1 : the danish edition of lord of the rings was illustrated by the queen of denmark , under a pseudonym .	" designed by ingahild grathmer and drawn by eric fraser . " i don't understand , if eric drew them what did the girl do ? what is a design
2 not much probably . eric fraser was one of the most important artists of his generation , and in my copy of lotr with these illustrations , it is he	someone elsewhere commented that they look like woodcuts , and thought that " ingahild " did the designs , and eric fraser did the actual woodcutting .

1 , author tom robbins never edits his books . he spends hours or days on a single sentence before moving on , and once he puts a period on it	i loved villa incognito . also ducks flying backwards

1 according to robert a . heinlein , l ron hubbard made a bet with him that he could create his own religion for monetary gain .	good thing that bet resulted in ideas that benefit us all . all hail xenu

1 don mclean's kids sang the weird al yankovic parody ( ' the saga begins ' ) of his classic ' american pie ' so much that he sometimes sings it	i'd love to hear him sing the whole thing , just for the novelty .
2 it's still part of his live set , along with yoda . if you ever see him in concert , you'll probably get to see it .	and doesn't he dress up in full jedi robes when he does those songs ?

1 a " butt " was a medieval unit of measure for wine . technically , a buttload of wine is about 475 liters , or 126 gallons .	[ no , a buttload is $ 1000 . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RoxvGbYhaKI )

1 in the online game eve a player group spent 12 months infiltrating a rival group , then assassinated their leader and stole or destroyed $ 16,500 . 00 usd worth	* the simultaneous ambush and galaxy-wide hangar theft inflicted financial damage upwards of 30 billion isk - $ 16,500 us dollars at ige.com ' s prices . the value of
2 this sounds like my kind of game	i haven't played it , but i've heard it's mostly a spreadsheet simulator .
3 nope , that's [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-gYb5GUs0dM )	holy mother of system sounds !

1 swallowing her partner's semen may reduce a woman's risk of developing a dangerous pregnancy condition called pre-eclampsia .	for science !

1 the yakuza operate openly in japan : they have offices , make charitable donations , and even have large investments in mainstream companies	they pour a lot of money into the anime industry too
2 wow . can you elaborate ?	they like anime .

1 during world war 2 , us troops would use the word " lollapalooza " to root out japanese spies . anyone who pronounced the first two syllables as " rorra	because they couldn't distinguish a japanese man with a western man by looks ?

1 : carrie fisher made george lucas give her a copy of the star wars christmas special . she now plays it at the end of parties when she wants everyone	stir-whip stir-whip-whip-whip-stir whaaaaah ! ! !

1 johnny depp's daughter nearly died from an e.coli infection and had an extended hospital stay . in order to thank the hospital for taking care of her , depp dressed	i bet he stayed in character the whole time too . awesome .
2 he's been in character since the first pirates movie .	so ... the sunstroke - - that's the reason for the pop-n-lock pattern of gesturing when he speaks ?

1 the u . s . military has an official ban in place on all of soulja boy's music	shit . isn't that freedom of speech which the military swore an oath to protect ?
2 they're not doing anything that contradicts freedom of speech , he hasn't been imprisoned or fined or actually effected by the military at all , they just banned the sale	i keep seeing comments like yours regarding this ... " military exchange stores an such which adds to an already very long list of items banned " what other kinds

1 until recently the navy communicated in all caps	i wonder if / u / mistertorgue knows about this .

1 about the " goblin shark " which has only been seen around 50 times since discovery in 1897	maybe if they'd stop catching them and killing them each time they would be more bountiful .

1 according to rotten tomatoes , the toy story trilogy is the most critically acclaimed trilogy of all time .	there's only one trilogy !

1 for the reconsecration of the great pyramid of tenochtitlan in 1487 , the aztecs sacrificed 84,400 prisoners over the course of four days , reportedly by ahuitzotl , the great	even if it was ' only ' 2,000 sacrifices , that's around 20 per hour - or one every 3 minutes !
2 don't know how many people they had doing that ; [ vasili blokhin ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vasili_Blokhin#Mass_murder_of_Polish_officers ) was able to maintain that rate in 1940 ( with ten hours rest	that's with a gun . the [ aztec human sacrifice ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_sacrifice_in_Aztec_culture#The_sacrifice_ritual ) was slightly more time consuming .

1 matt damon and ben affleck inserted an oral sex scene between the two professors in good will hunting to see which studio executives actually read the script . harvey weinstein	http://i.imgur.com/et4naKC.gifv
2 gendolf ?	fodor pls
3 fodor ! stop fodoring !	hodor !

1 a german and british aeroplane shot each other down in norway during wwii . the crew met and helped each other survive . two of them later visited each other	total box office draw ? 708 $ ... is this real life ?

1 the riaa tried to sue limewire for $ 72 trillion in damages - - an amount of money larger than the entire planet's gdp .	reallypopularsong.mp3.exe
2 i clicked it , but it didn't download . please advise .	turn off your firewall and any antivirus programs . make sure you also download notavirus.exe to make sure it's the right song !

1 on several occasions , harrison ford has personally provided emergency helicopter services at the behest of local authorities , in one instance rescuing a hiker overcome by dehydration in jackson	well , i expect nothing less from a knight of sigma nu .

1 wonder woman originally had a super-weakness : being bound or chained by a male would strip her of her superpowers .	getting ideas .

1 there are 4 states that ban billboards - hawaii , alaska , vermont and maine .	i've lived in alaska and i've got to say that every state should get rid of billboards . driving down a highway in alaska is like watching an extremely beautiful
2 as long as they are kept within reason , there's no need to outright ban them . driving down a montana highway is plenty beautiful , with only the occasional	i've noticed they aren't nearly as pervasive in oregon than say florida ... i wonder if regulation is more varied within the legalized spectrum too .
3 florida is slowly becoming ( economically i don't know why either ) the most populist us state and even officially eclipsed new york , iirc . that's why . more	it's been that way since at least the 80s . but i'm sure it had to do with where i grew up too .

1 megan fox is banned from walmart	[ stay out of the walmart ! ] ( http://media.photobucket.com/image/recent/tastygood/Picture7-1.png )

1 in wisconsin , you can can go into a bar at any age and drink , so long as you're with a consenting parent , legal guardian , or spouse	i live in wisconsin and have been aware of this law my entire life . i can also tell you it's not taken advantage of as much as you probably
2 i grew up in wisconsin as well , but most people aren't aware of the coolest part of this law--it covers spouses as well . so if you're 18 and	you just have to be married before you're 21 = p

1 nowhere in the bible does it say that mary magdalene was a prostitute or even overtly sexual .	maybe frank miller wrote the new testament .

1 the afc west is the only division that does not have super bowl win in the 21st century	our bad guys ... damn marlon mccree .

1 a pilot was actually recorded saying " i picked a bad day to stop sniffin ' glue " just before crashing his 737 .	" cockpit voice-recorder transcripts indicate the pilots had been concerned about the weather and , prior to landing , jokingly alluded to the movie airplane ! , saying " i

1 mountain dew was made to be mixed with whiskey	mountain dew + vodka = mountain doozer mountain dew + vodka + o . j . = mountain sunrise mountain dew + whiskey = vomit covered bathroom floor

1 : when railway tycoon george pullman died in 1897 , his family was so afraid that his corpse would be desecrated by employees , they buried him at night in	he must have been quite an ahole ..
2 he made a town for his workers to live in and paid them in a fake currency they could only use in that town , which he controlled entirely .	i played this level in bioshock 3 .

1 a grizzly bear's bite is estimated to be strong enough to crush a bowling ball	they may be able to crush a bowling ball , but bears still apparently have no idea what to do with a football .

1 katie holmes chose to do mad money w / queen latifah instead of reprising her role as rachel in the dark knight .	this is called spin . she didn't choose to do the other movie , they just said she did to save face .

1 tina turner is no longer an american citizen . she has passed a german language test and swiss history test and is exclusively a swiss citizen after giving up her	it's so hard to actually become a swiss citizen ... i might do the same .

1 jason lee divorced , and cut off all contact with , his first wife after she read an anti-scientology book	: jason lee is insane .

1 in japan , houses depreciate like cars , and after as little as 20 years are considered worthless enough to be demolished and replaced .	well , under us tax law , a building is assuming to last 27 year from date of purchase . of course , if you sell it , the clock
2 most appraisers are taught to use a 65 year effective life for houses . improvements and remodeling can reduce the effective age , while letting your car use the floor	how is land figured into that ? i mean i live in a house that was built in 1951 . landlord has had it for 25 years and hasn't done

1 the yakuza operate openly in japan : they have offices , make charitable donations , and even have large investments in mainstream companies	' citation needed ' apparently means very little to most people .
2 that would be correct , since ' citation needed ' is just a snotty way of saying ' i disagree with you . '	no , it's a snotty way of saying ' i've noticed you are making claims without any evidence . '
3 bullshit . that's just a pathetic rationalization for dismissing viewpoints you disagree with or otherwise make you uncomfortable . you're hiding behind some imaginary rule that online discourse must meet	what ever made you so mad today , i hope it's been resolved . everything gets better , chin up .

1 jackie chan is a popstar in asia having released 20 studio albums , and often sings the theme songs of his movies	i've bought all his albums off itunes . the song titles are the best part . " a vigorous aspiration in my heart " " a man should be of

1 john stockton made a deal that made cap space available for the jazz in exchange for guaranteed delta center ice time for his son's hockey team	the owner of the tropics traded his washing machine for woody harrelson .
2 had to be done .	when he heard kentucky needed a washing machine he looked at theirs , even though they needed it , and said , " hey i gotta pull the trigger on

1 71 years before rosa parks , ida b . wells refused to give up her seat on a train and was thrown off by a group of white men .	i think a lot of it certainly has to do with timing . at the time of the rosa parks incident , the wheels of the civil right's movement were
2 [ claudette colvin ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Claudette_Colvin ) did the same thing nine months before rosa parks . it was even the exact same bus system . the naacp didn't use	yes . they needed a mary sue type of person on the front . colvin wan't even the first one to the same thing as parks .

1 brazil is home to the largest population of japanese people outside of japan - more than both america and canada .	sushi churrascaria ?

1 upon his death ben franklin left 1,000 pounds to gather interest in a trust for 200 years ..	upon his death , he put 1,000 pounds in * two * trust funds : one in philadelphia and boston . the philadelphia account accumulated to $ 2,000 , 000
2 what trade school ?	[ this one ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benjamin_Franklin_Institute_of_Technology )

1 mcdonalds has closed down in six countries ( bermuda , barbados , bolivia , jamaica , iceland and montenegro )	in jamaica it just wasn't popular . a jamaican friend explained " if ya waan chicken ya go to kfc . if ya waan a burger , ya go to

1 the btk killer sent a letter to the police asking if his writings could be traced to him if they were put on a floppy disk . the police answered	never notice how much he looks like michael ironside .

1 in 2000 , john ascroft was defeated in a race for u . s . senate by a deceased candidate	what is wild is , they gave the office to the deceased candidate's wife ! i never understood how they could do this . mary bono won sonny bono's old
2 i'd imagine it depends on state law . individual states have the right to decide how they replace their representatives . while some states require a special election , other	thanks , i always wondered how that worked .

1 rolling stones drummer , charlie watts , was sleeping one day , when mick jagger phoned drunk to watts ' hotel room asking where was his drummer . watts got	* citation needed
2 it's in keith richards autobiography if that counts .	i've already seen to mentions of your name in this thread , and i have no idea wtf it means , so ... wtf does it mean ?

1 suge knight's girlfriend who was about to testify against him disappeared and hasn't been found since 2008 . when all charges were cleared suge knight said " god is good	what a piece of trash .

1 the disney channel doesn't accept outside ads . the only commercials it airs are for its own shows and disney products .	anyone who has ever watched disney channel for an hour could tell you that .
2 having not watched an hour of disney ever ( as a kid i was more of a nickelodeon man ) i'm legitimately surprised .	then you seriously missed out on some awesome disney channel original movies my man . me and my friends used to get a couple pizzas and two liters every time

1 the city of scranton , pennsylvania is so close to bankruptcy that its government officials ( including the mayor ) are paid $ 7.25 / hr	even with their booming paper industry ?
2 limitless paper , in a paperless world .	" paper is everything . write that down . " ( sound of tapping keyboards fills the room )

1 in the novel , forest gump was 6 ' 6 , 242 lbs . author winston groom says he envisioned john goodman as forest	what the shit ? im 6 ' 6 and 230 lbs and i have no where near the body shape of john goodman . doesn't add up .
2 this bothered me too . i just found this website ! [ pictures of people at height / weight so you can see what 6 ' 6 " and 242	john goodman was barely 6 ' 2 " in his prime . he has shrunk a bit and is maybe 6 ' 1 " probably closer to 6 ' .

1 icelandic police have only ever killed one person	how many police officers have been shot in the line of duty ?

1 only about 22 % of the population has the ability to smell the effect that eating asparagus has on urine odor .	i am one of the 22 % .

1 halo was originally supposed to be released on mac os until microsoft bought bungie .	[ halo 0.5 . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marathon_%28video_game%29 )

1 the writing staff of futurama held three ph . d . s , seven masters degrees , and cumulatively had more than 50 years at harvard	“ two oil changes for the price of one ! now if i could afford the one , and the car . ” - zoidberg
2 i love how zoidberg is written to be an antistereotypical jewish character . hes a shellfish thats insanley horrible with money .	but his family remained stereotypical . the episode where his uncle was a famous hollywood director was pretty fucking hysterical
3 his uncle was also broke as shit	l'heim

1 earth's rotation is slowing at a rate of approximately 17 milliseconds a century , and the length of a day for the dinosaurs was closer to 22 hours .	what ' day of the dinosaurs ' are you referring to ? because dinosaurs spanned thrice the length of time since they were extinct .

1 before 1912 , the komodo dragon was once thought to be a mythical creature	so after 1912 , it was no longer thought that the komodo dragon was once thought to be a mythical creature ?

1 the grey affected roger ebert so much , he walked out of his next scheduled screening . " it was the first time i've ever walked out of a film	i watched this movie with my wife . after an hour she asked , " when are they going to turn into werewolves ? "
2 i would have ditched her immediately . i'm not even kidding .	i'm an idiot ! i should have broken up my marriage over a mediocre movie . what was i thinking !

1 the estimated jewish population of afghanistan is 1 .	i couldn't even imagine how bad the collection plate at his synagogue must be .

1 about the little kids who swept chimneys in victorian england . what a terrible childhood .	but they got to float and sing songs with mary poppins and dick vandyke

1 cartoon network strongly defended aaron mcgruder when al sharpton called out the boondocks for it's portrayal of mlk jr .	i no i won't get there with ya ! i'm goin ' to canada ...

1 the häagen-dazs ice cream creator was american and made up the brand name to sound danish , unique , and sophisticated . it doesn't mean anything .	... and it doesn't sound the least bit danish to a dane . source : i am a denmarkian .
2 i had always thought it was supposed to be dutch ...	dutch people are from netherlands . it's a little tricky .

1 during the black death in england , physicians would cut pigeons from breast to back , break them open and apply them ( while still alive ) to the buboes	i thought they were crows ... why were crows significant in the black death ? i forget

1 if detroit was a country , it would have the fourth highest murder rate in the whole world .	and 15 minutes from detroit are some of the safest suburbs in michigan . it's freakin ' weird .
2 can confirm : am suburban in aforementioned area .	can confirm i live on seven mile it's like heaven and hell connected by a gate

1 the word " sniper " refers to a hunter skilled enough to shoot a snipe , a small and fast bird .	um , as i recall , kevin was fast but definitely not small . edit : someone already made this observation , damn .

1 the hacker kevin mitnick was kept in solitary confinement for 8 months because " law enforcement told the judge that he could somehow dial into the norad modem via a	oh come on , who * hasn't * claimed they could do this at some point ?
2 a kid in my high school got arrested because he had a device that would beep into payphones and let him use them for free . eventually the phone company	a kid in my high-school sent a death threat to the white house public email as his first and last use of the internet . all the kids and none

1 radical british islamist preacher anjem " andy " choudary failed his first year university exams due to excessive partying .	redditors use the til subreddit to push their political views . dae islam the religion of peace ? ? ?

1 the heart ( shape ) symbolizing love came from the seeds of a contraceptive plant , not a stylized heart ( organ ) .	another theory is that greek lovers use to write that symbol as expression of their massive erection . the " heart " is their full-with-blood penis head .

1 george smoot , nobel prize winning astrophysicist , was the only man to win the million dollars on ' are you smarter than a fifth grader ? '	he is also the cousin of oliver smoot , from whom we have derived the [ smoot unit of measurement ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smoot ) ( this is an incident of
2 now the baader meinhoff incident is happening to me . the word itself being baader meinhoff . jesus , that was fucking fast . i only read that post 3	woah . meta-baader-mainhoff .

1 fans of steve irwin killed at least ten stingrays as an act of revenge after he died .	/ r / nottheonion

1 with the cost of $ 367 billion , a nuclear pulse powered interstellar spaceship can be built with 1968 technology to reach alpha centauri in 133 years ; achieving a	why are we not building one of these . we have all this nuclear material we stockpiled to annihilate the earth why not launch something really cool to alpha centauri
2 what would be the benefit ? also there are bunch of drawbacks if u read the article .	exploring space of course . send it with a probe attached . what down side is there other than the cost ?

1 dwight howard is the youngest player in nba history to reach 1000 , 2000 , 3000 , 4000 , 5000 , 6000 , 7000 , 8000 and 9000 career rebounds	dwight is the only above average center to ever go straight to the nba out of high school . he's competing against kwame brown ( moses malone went to the
2 tyson chandler isn't above average ... ?	good point , i forgot about chandler . regardless , dwight faces a small amount of competition from other players drafted at the same age - the stat is not

1 heavyweight boxer wladimir klitschko donated his 1996 olympic gold medal to a charity auction to help ukrainian children , and was sold for $ 1 million dollars . it was	he also received a phd in sports science and speaks ukrainian , russian , german and english . he's pretty awesome .
2 and his ring name is dr steel hammer , how fucking bad ass can one guy be ? oh and at one point a few years ago i believe him	they still do .

1 trigonometry was invented by a muslim scientist so that he could find the direction of mecca from any point on the planet .	aaaaaaaaaannnnnnnd , you're wrong . stop this shit .

1 michael cera was the voice of brother bear in the berenstain bears animated series .	an extra til for your click , michael cera also plays bass for the band mister heavenly when they tour .

1 david yost , who played billy the blue power ranger , quit the show after frequent harassment from the crew for being gay	was he harassed by any of the actors ?
2 if i remember it was the green ranger who was the bully	nope .

1 it takes nasa and voyager i approximately 32 hours to communicate with each other , with a bandwidth of 115.2 kilobits per second .	link to the info =) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Voyager_1#Communications
2 my champion .	ian ?

1 there is a factory in japan which can run unsupervised for 30 days at a time . robots build other robots at the rate of 50 per 24 - hour	as a warehouse manager , this terrifies me

1 king james i loved loin steak so much , he knighted it and it became sirloin	hoghton tower is well worth a visit !

1 the nickname ' skip ' identifies someone who has the same first name as their grandparent but not their parent , essentially ' skipping ' a generation .	seems like the dad should be called ' skip ' , since he was the one that was actually skipped . i suppose he couldn't obtain the nickname until he

1 in germany , denying the holocaust happened is a crime and offenders can receive up 5 years in prison .	if you look at a map of known concentration camps within german held territory ... it's like saying there are no mcdonalds in new york .
2 true , holocaust denial is ridiculous and despicable . ... respicable , if you will . no ? sorry . but anyway , i'm not about to go around and	denying the holocaust is a terrible injustice . it's easy to convince people something never happened , especially when they can feel victimized by these " false " claims .

1 howard stern ran for governor of new york in 1994 promising to limit road work to night hours . he eventually withdrew , but later that year , the howard	he pulled out because he didn't want to disclose his finances . pataki lobbied hard for his endorsement , and stern repeated his gripe about daytime road construction ( especially
2 i have never heard anyone call it the " liex " . it's the lie .	yea ... l . i . e . x . doesn't make sense because the e is for expressway . i've always heard the lie . i had no idea

1 since 2013 , a youtube view is counted as a sale of a song , in the sense that it is counted toward the certification of a song as gold	so what does this make gangnam style ?

1 gene wilder refused to watch the 2005 remake of willy wonka because he didn't want to be disappointed in johnny depp	> in 2007 gene wilder said he chose not to see the film . " the thing that put me off ... i like johnny depp , i like him
2 i like that he was so respectful with his statement . this is what disagreements should be like .	you lose ! you get nothing !

1 thad roberts , a nasa intern , spent 7 years in federal prison after having sex with his girlfriend on a bed full of stolen moon rocks .	the sex was out of this world

1 kirk hammett encouraged les claypool to audition for metallica after cliff burton died . after not getting the job , james hetfield said it was because claypool was " too	i can't imagine claypool in metallica ... all of his talent going to waste ... that would be a shame .
2 i mean , you literally can't even hear the bass on their first 4 records .. he's great but would have been a waste in that band .	right you can't hear the bass even though cliff burton is largely regarded as one of the greatest bass players of all time ...

1 a dutch warship was disguised as a tropical island to escape detection by the japanese in wwii . it was the only ship of its class to survive .	that could be a fun movie
2 operation ghillie suit ?	50000 people used to swim here .
3 now its a boat town .	i spilled my coffee ... * * damn you ! * *

1 a german study found women cry on average between 30 and 64 times a year , and men cry on average between 6 and 17 times per year .	i'm a huge crybaby .
2 why do we still see easily activated tearducts as shameful ?	because when the beer commercials make you cry , you ought to be ashamed . damn you budweiser and your adorable clydesdales .

1 an eagle scout who joins the us army is automatically promoted to private first class .	are they technically " promoted " then ?
2 yes , during basic training everyone is an e - 1 . immediately upon graduation , you become an e - 3 .	not true . i joined as an e2 because i was an eagle scout , promoted to e3 prior to basic because of " stripes for buddies " , was
3 huh , did not know that . af you get it right after .	is your pay for basic the same as the " promoted " rank or that of an e - 1 ?

1 google fiber doesn't have any major plans in place to expand , but was rather hoping to put major cable companies to shame .	the question is , is it working ? then again , with the huge swats of the us were isps literally have no competition there is no credible reason for
2 i live in kansas city , missouri and every single person i know in my life that lives here signed up and had it installed within a couple of months	you fucking lucky fuck . i also live in kcmo , and have yet to see anything other than twc .
3 fucking independence isn't even on the list to get it . thinking about moving .	i live in fucking canada .. i need to move to kansas city :(

1 the numbers on the roulette wheel adds to 666	that's just evil

1 in 2004 , j . k . rowling became the first person to become a billionaire by writing books .	proud to say i will be the second person to accomplish this as soon as my book sells 1 billion copies which should be soon if everything goes right
2 you're selling your book for a dollar a piece ?	no , that's how much profit he'll make . publishers take the rest .

1 iran banned the mullet hairstyle , the first country to do so . nice .	i don't get how your country telling you how to dress or wear your hair is a good thing .

1 after receiving complaints about the size of their sandwiches , subway responded " ' subway footlong ' is a registered trademark as a descriptive name for the sub sold ...	for fucks sake , it's almost a foot long . it certainly is large enough as it is already . who gives a shit if you have an extra inch
2 we should weigh a quarter pounder then complain for being it a few ~ ~ ounces ~ ~ grams off .	" a few ounces " would be about a quarter of a pound , though ..

1 " band geeks " was voted the best spongebob episode of all time	and now for the metal remix , one of my favorite video ; it fits so well ! : [ spongebobmetalpants ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4p6_WZJJNBw&index=5&list=PLMpyCuGIZWdQ5FAi5XmBquufFrWooXmGo )

1 : the director from cannibal holocaust had to prove in court that the actors were still alive and didn't get killed during the movie .	[ full movie ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2haVJmz6eio )

1 a mans booby trapped farmhouse resulted in a burglar's legs being shot with a shotgun . the burglar sued him and won . later , when asked if he would	why the fuckdid he win this case ? he was committing a felony when he was injured ... fucking liberals man .
2 you said it , " fucking liberals man . " they've done this shit for years . look at nearly half the medical lawsuits won over drugs . no one	lol , got some facts and figures to back that up ?

1 women with high levels of toxoplasmosis antibodies were significantly more likely to have baby boys than baby girls . in most populations , the birth rate is around 51 %	anecdotal of course , but i lost vision in my right eye due to this disease at birth . my mother had five boys , no girls .

1 theo van gogh was a dutch film director . he was stabbed to death by an radical muslim who took offense to a movie theo made ( with ayaan hirsi	a nice ( subtitled ) speech on free speech from friend and comedian hans teeuwen at theo van gogh's memorial service . http://youtu.be/UQFY63yQXmk?t=45s

1 : streetlight manifesto dislikes victory records so much , that they will not release an album that is finished under said label . and if they have to , they	sounds like they rushed to sign with a label and now regret it . a story as old as time !

1 : on 5/25 / 2012 , " unabomber " ted kaczynski submitted his current information to the harvard alumni association . listing his eight life sentences as achievements , his	i would be willing to bet he will get requests for donations .
2 he should mail them a pack of cigarettes , a bar of soap , and a tube of toothpaste .	pretty sure teddy's not allowed to mail anything these days . edit : thanks for the gold , fellow dark humour enthusiast !
3 especially to a university .	that was the guiltiest laugh i've had all month .

1 the catholic church considers the theory of evolution to be " virtually certain " , and believes that intelligent design " isn't science even though it pretends to be .	raised catholic , and i was taught evolution in public schools . i , however , never knew this about the catholic church until a few years ago ( 21

1 a week before the iraq war began , tim russert reported " every analysis said this war itself would cost about $ 80 billion [ ... ] we should expect	the cost of the war is still accumulating . someone has to pay for all the contractors still over there . edit : spelling
2 that someone is you , the taxpayer .	not if we inflate our way out of the national debt !
3 exactly , in which case the payer would be whoever owns dollars before the inflation .	suddenly , the moral of " hot potato " has become clear ...

1 although jews are only 3 % of the us population , they've won 27 % of all nobel prizes in science awarded to americans .	i will not be one of the jews contributing ... sigh .
2 [ oi . ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xdgwA.png )	this is amazing .

1 some native american's have a differing enzyme that tends to lead to easier alcoholism .	kind of like asians , people from different regions tolerate alcohol differently . asians flush from a byproduct of alcohol processing ( which they can do incredibly fast ) and
2 native americans are descendants of asians . they crossed the bering strait 12,000 years ago . give a native a haircut and he looks like a big chinese guy .	depends on what kind of native americans they are . most actually look more mexican than eastern asian .

1 there are 4 states that ban billboards - hawaii , alaska , vermont and maine .	i drove through kansas to see death grips the other night , and multiple times i saw a three-billboard sequence , " rock " , " chalk " , "
2 i70 between topeka and lawrence right ?	yeah .

1 james watson , co-discoverer of dna is in favour of discriminating based on race " [ i am ] inherently gloomy about the prospect of africa [ because ] all	how can someone so intelligent be so unenlightened ?
2 never refute ideas simply because they don't correspond to a prevailing social attitude	no it sounds like he's just a racist cocksucker .
3 man , you really need to educate yourself .	explain ...

1 on the show " frasier " , the guest callers on his radio show were famous personalities and celebrities , sometimes joking about their real-life problems . most notable is	you just learned that today ? ? they were listed in the credits at the end of the season .

1 two of the moons in our solar system ( ganymede & titan ) are actually larger than the planet mercury .	apparently earth is the densest body in the solar system ! cool to know that we're the best at something other than , you know , life .

1 the shroud of turin has nothing to do with jesus - it's been comprehensively radiocarbon dated to the medieval period .	yes , and when i pointed this out to my mormon friend she said " well i don't believe in carbon dating anyway " ...
2 is that how this works ? let me try : " i don't believe in gravity . " does this mean i can fly now ?	no . it means you don't believe in gravity . if you were serious about this , you would probably have some other excuse for why you can't fly .

1 actress bai ling maintains that she is from the moon . why does that make her hotter to me ...	i don't normally have celebrity crushes , but when i do it's bai ling ... or salma hayek .
2 upvote for salma hayek	what about monica belluci ?

1 actor steve buscemi was a new york city fire fighter from 1980 to 1984 . he showed up at his old firehouse the day after 9/11 in new york to	this has got to be in the top 10 most posted tils .
2 even the top comments are the same .	even the top comments are the same .
3 even the karma on the top comments is the same .	the same .

1 : johnny knoxville comes from significant inbreeding .	he also admitted this on conan .

1 : even with the bare minimum of driver training on its use , the british roundabout has been proven to be at least 20 % more efficient at moving traffic	i love roundabouts as opposed to junctions . even if i have bounced across one on my face after being " separated " from my motorbike on one . ok

1 the dutch santa claus ( sinterklaas ) delivers presents on a gray horse accompanied by black men and kidnaps children to bring to spain if they're naughty .	i thought it was vunterslaush .

1 katie holmes chose to do mad money w / queen latifah instead of reprising her role as rachel in the dark knight .	yeah should have stuck with tdkr . oh well , lesson learned .

1 hawaiian shirts were invented by a chinese immigrant using japanese kimono fabric that were then popularized by a lebanese american using polynesian designs .	the fact that they were all , in some sense , american , makes me very proud .

1 in some countries , octopuses must receive anesthesia before surgery because of their intelligence	octopuses get surgery

1 in 2005 the simple cardboard box was inducted into the national toy hall of fame	spaceship robot head !

1 : there are no common surnames in thailand . under thai law , only one family can use any given surname : any two people of the same surname must	the family of friend of mine moved to thailand and wanted to become citizens . they were told their surname , lau , wasn't siamesey enough so they changed it

1 comcast has ranked lower than the irs in terms of customer satisfaction	irs is measured in terms of ' customer satisfaction ' , as if its clientele has a choice .
2 pretty much same with comcast in some areas	[ my comcast connection right now ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ELJqjj5.png ) this holds true for my desktop as well . i honestly have never had a problem with comcast since i
3 just to contrast with an actual shitty isp , [ here's ] ( http://i.imgur.com/TMrjcv8.jpg ) my speed with at & t .	well ... i have the cheapest service verizon has to offer . i get 1 mbps down . take that ...

1 : the world war z film is slated for release december 21st , 2012 ... cheeky bastards ...	i'm reading the book right now i wonder what i should read next
2 day by day armageddon . it's a zombie novel presented as a handwritten journal . i personally liked it better than wwz .	i'll check that out sounds like what i was expecting with world war z

1 in 1948 a dc radio station asked ambassadors what they'd like for christmas . the french ambassador said " world peace " , the russian said " freedom from the	well op ? ? did he get it ?
2 that will remain forever a mystery . i like to think he did	what house at christmas does not have a box of crystalized fruit ? ?
3 this is the first i've even heard of crystalized fruit	if its what i'm thinking of its like sun dried fruit that is covered in sugar . its great .

1 george rr martin's a storm of swords lost the 2001 hugo award for best novel to harry potter and the goblet of fire . his response ? " eat your	that being said , i'd still prefer the billion dollars .

1 the current director of the fbi keeps a copy of the fbi request to wiretap martin luther king , jr . , " as a reminder of the bureau's capacity	should probably keep a copy of the one for j . robert oppenheimer , too . in fact , i imagine he could probably start a small collection if he

1 brown bears can run at nearly 30 miles per hour ( 48km / h ) , and that is roughly the same speed as a galloping horse	bears . beats . battlestar galactica

1 mixed nude bathing was the norm before christians pressured it to be illegal in the 19th century .	slightly misleading tittle . quotes from the article you linked : " until the 1670s nude female bathing in the spas was the normal and that after that restrictions were
2 > prohibited men and women to swim nude either in the day or in the night so when was it allowed ?	dawn and dusk apparently .

1 most senior animators at disney chose to work on pocahontas rather than the lion king as many at disney had little faith in the project , leaving mostly first time	" let's work on the movie with the hot chick . "
2 i always wondered if there was any historical evidence that pocahontas had a 36dd rack .	want me to ask around ?

1 in 1986 the red hot chili peppers were budgeted $ 5000 by emi music to make a demo tape and set aside $ 2000 to spend on heroine and cocaine	nice . read " scar tissue " if you haven't already .
2 i enjoyed the book but came away disappointed . he spends so much time on his childhood , early beginnings of the band , and then just kind of speeds	i thought he gave a great deal of detail from 90-98

1 the guillotine was still the official method of execution in france until the death penalty was abolished ... in 1981 .	when you think about it it's actually a pretty effective way of executing people .
2 the blades were often blunt and failed to instantly kill the criminal . not so pretty now huh ? i have no source because i am on mobile , maybe	that may be so , but the principle is a good idea . a very sharp and heavy blade will decapitate somebody in fractions of a second .

1 : when asked about atheists pope francis replied " they are our valued allies in the commitment to defending human dignity , in building a peaceful coexistence between peoples and	i went to a jesuit prep highschool growing up . jesuit priest are incredible people . they tend to be the most educated , humble men in a room .
2 franciscans are similar in that respect .	i don't think so . franciscans are not know for their intellect . maybe dominicans .

1 when the human body is deprived of adequate nutrition , testosterone levels drop , but estrogen levels remain constant , causing a hormonal imbalance , creating what we call "	so how does this effect puberty in young men , what with the rising numbers of obese youth who will be reaching that age in their life with diminished levels

1 washoe the chimp ( the first non-human taught sign language ) became self-aware while staring into a mirror and then interacting with other chimps that she was not human	ceaser is home .

1 while filming the movie " the descent , " the scene in which the creatures first came into contact with the protagonists was the first time the actresses had ever	i find it quite interesting that when this film was released in the us the ending was cut so it finishes [ with her getting out and being alive sitting
2 it is also interesting that the sequel follows the u . s . ending .	whoa whoa ... there's a sequel ?
3 yep . it's after the protagonist escapes and is found . her and the police go back down to find the others . not as good as the first ,	i haven't seen it , but ... why the fuck would she go back ? there's monsters in there

1 in 2004 , j . k . rowling became the first person to become a billionaire by writing books .	i feel like it isn't really accurate to say that with the movie royalties i imagine she banked a lot of money from .
2 j . k . rowling sold the movie rights for the first 4 films for only [ $ 2 million . ] ( http://harrypotter.wikia.com/wiki/Warner_Bros ) .	she almost certainly had performance bonuses in the contract .

1 stanley kubrick was approached by the beatles to direct them in a film version of lord of the rings .	this is my new " if you could go back in time and change one thing " answer . i need this to have happened .

1 marijuana was demonized and made illegal in the 30 ' s thanks to paper lobbies	you just learned this today ? as someone who i'm sure represents themselves as a ' stoner ' ( lol ) , this should be common knowledge .
2 i'm not a stoner . and i lurked a bit into / trees before posting , i saw a few comments mentioning it , but it didn't seemed to be	hemp has been used for centuries as rope all over the world . it was once illegal * not * to grow it . its obvious .
3 true , but the fact that a special tax was created for industrial usage of hemp is interesting .	it is especially when you consider that we were still producing it during wwii , and it used to be a way to pay taxes .

1 in 1946 , the redskins mistakingly used a 1st round pick on rb cal rossi , not realizing he was a junior who was not draft eligible . so the	to be fair , back in the forties , it wasn't that big of a deal to decline to play in the pros . the money was not great and
2 i'm not sure why the redskins wouldn't just get the player a year later instead of having to use another pick . it seems kinda dumb .	that would be interesting ... i can imagine a situation where the next lebron is drafted in the 9th grade or some shit

1 since ronald reagan , each outgoing united states president has left a private message on the oval office desk for the incoming president on inauguration day .	the bottom right drawer has a false bottom , and you put your weed in there - george washington
2 i heard that guy had like 30 fucking dicks .	he once held an opponent's wife's hand ... in a jar of acid ... at a party .

1 elvis presley on finding out about his wife's affair , forcefully had sex with her and said " this is how a real man makes love to his woman "	he raped her . you don't call it " forceful sex " just because they were married .
2 i really don't see how forceful sex should have any less negative of a connotation than rape . unless we only care about words and not meaning .	forceful sex could just mean rough , aggressive sex . though in this case it mean rape .

1 dr . seuss ' name is actually pronounced to rhyme with ' voice '	now it just sounds like i'm saying his name with a brooklyn accent .

1 there is a theory that the evolution to light skin in europeans only occurred around 6,000- 12,000 years ago	the creationists are going to usurp this theory and use it as " evidence " that the races were separated at the tower of babel , since it coincides with
2 last i heard , according to christian nonsense , the world is only 6000 years old . yes , that's since eve ate the apple and predestined us all to	6000 years ago would be around 4000 bce . creationist " theory " puts the tower of babel at 4250 bce . sort your fucking math out .

1 16 year old ryan white contracted aids through a tainted blood transfusion and was denied access to his school . the ensuing lawsuit made national headlines , and his case	i remember this happened to a child in my grade school as a kid . no one really knew what " aids " was back then ... but we all

1 kfc , taco bell and pizza hut are all owned by the same corporation , yum ! , the largest fast food corporation in the world ( over 40,000 outlets	and all their food tastes like shit .

1 fiji water ran ad stating , " the label says fiji because it's not bottled in cleveland " . cleveland water dept responded by running tests comparing a bottle of	drinking your local tap water is so good for your community . it creates jobs , it contributes to your local economy . people who drink bottled water exclusively are

1 there is a beer pipeline in germany	first time i read that i could have sworn it said " til there is a bee pipeline in germany " , would've been much cooler :(
2 bees are not cooler than beer .	[ not the bees ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d4MqTCIDKhU )

1 brown bears can run at nearly 30 miles per hour ( 48km / h ) , and that is roughly the same speed as a galloping horse	i run 8 max . fuck .

1 in 1972 , when elvis presley's wife priscilla informed him of her infidelity , presley " grabbed ... and forcefully made love to " her , declaring , " this	anyone who thinks this is wrong , obviously haven't been in a relationship with passionate rough sex . it's no wonder a lot of women go sexually unsatisfied with the
2 > it's no wonder a lot of women go sexually unsatisfied with the " excuse me , can we have sex , please ? " mentality of many modern men	i'd just like to say that communication in the bedroom is the best way to avoid this . not a lack of anti-rape passion , or abandoning the outcry that

1 a german officer asked picasso " did you do this " , when he saw a photo of the painting ' guernica ' , a painting about the effects of	r / til should be r / apocryphalquotes

1 the homeopathic flu remedy oscillococcinum is so diluted that there would need to be 10 to the power of 320 more universes to simply have one molecule of the active	the more diluted it is , the better it works . so it works best if you just don't take any at all .
2 " for maximum effect , imagine swallowing pill . "	reminds me of my ideal martini recipe , chill gin , look at bottle of vermouth while pouring .

1 adolf hitler had a jewish doctor that didn't charge the hitler family money during their finical hardship . during the holocaust , hitler labelled the doctor , eduard bloch ,	what a hero
2 and a real human bean	where's that from again ?
3 only god forgives	i don't know if you're being sarcastic but it's actually from drive .

1 the blood on set for sweeney todd was coloured orange so it rendered correctly on the desaturated color film used .	can i have a meat pie ?
2 worst pies in london ! ( even that's polite )	never tried one , but i'm thinking of trying out a recipe for authentic english meat pies i found on the internet
3 be careful . one time i was in thailand and all these british expats kept telling me i had to go to this one british pub / restaurant as it	sounds pretty authentic to me

1 when the current king of thailand was born in cambridge , massachusetts , the hospital room in which he was born was declared thai territory for the duration of the	thats not how that works , this isn't how any of that works .
2 this is like that asshole kid who continuously changes the rules of a made up game so he is always winning .	you mean [ nomic ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nomic ) ? it's harder than it sounds .

1 alan turing , the father of computer science and artificial intelligence , committed suicide after being chemically castrated for being a homosexual .	as many times as this has been posrted on reddit , i still find it relevant .

1 rubies and sapphires are crystallized aluminum rust .	so you also read the stuff about sapphire glass that was posted here a few days ago ..

1 sniper bullets can travel for so long , the rotation of the earth will move the target	wouldn't the bullet be moving with the earths rotation already ? eli 5 if you can .
2 the tangential velocity of two different latitudes is different . for example , while both a person at 10 degrees north and one at 15 north rotate fully in 24ish	eli 4 ?

1 david spade did not attend his close friend chris farley's funeral because he " could not be in a room where chris was in a box . "	when my dad died , we followed his wishes and donated his body to science , so we didn't have a funeral . we instead had a memorial where we
2 that's what my dad wanted us to do , but surprise ! you can't donate bodies over 300 pounds ! also cremations costs extra for bodies of that size !	why not ? surely they'd be able to use it for something , right ?

1 ron paul is from pittsburgh !	apparently ron paul graduated from my highschool .

1 lisa lampanelli promised to donate $ 1,000 dollars to gay men's health crisis for every memeber of westboro baptist church that protested her show on may 20 , 2011 in	these wbc guys do what they do for $ , they need to stop getting attention

1 giraffes have been called " especially gay " for often engaging in homosexual behavior more than heterosexual sex	[ ali g called them out years ago . ] ( http://youtu.be/mpPEU1ZgMHg?t=5m47s )

1 for production of the movie the grey , 4 real wolf carcasses were purchased ; 2 for props and 2 for the cast to eat .	i love liam neeson . but reading the plot , all dry and wikipedia'd , it makes me think , " how many people did sarah palin sleep with to

1 the comedy film my cousin vinny is often praised by lawyers due to its accurate depiction of courtroom procedure , something very rare in films which portray trials . it	i have not seen " my cousin vinny " but i can attest to lawyers being frequently disappointed by the inaccuracy of trials depicted in movies .

1 coca-cola deliberately designed tab clear to fail , in order to tarnish the public perception of pepsi's rival clear soda and ultimately sink both products .	the clear pepsi tasted like shit . don't let anyone tell you different .

1 up until 1978 , the mormon church taught that blacks were once an evil race of jews who were colored by god for their wickedness .	i remember in my 7th grade religion class , my teacher gave pretty in depth lessons on the different branches of christianity and why they'd split from the church /
2 so she was ignorant	no ... most people are ignorant to the weirdness of mormonism .
3 ah huh . i bet you have studied mormonism in depth .	yes . thank you for betting that i have . studied most major religions in detail as well as some larger cults like mormonism .

1 the nickname ' skip ' identifies someone who has the same first name as their grandparent but not their parent , essentially ' skipping ' a generation .	but what if your dad's name was skip ? guys * my * dad's name was skip . i'm just craig . like my * grandpa * craig . *
2 your great granddad was called ( name ) basically xavier craig xavier ( skip ) craig ( skippy )	i think he means his dad's name is actually skip .

1 the world's first buddhist ruler , emperor ashoka , who ruled india form 274-232 bce , was the first ruler in human history to ban slavery , the death penalty	not to be too hard on the op here , but since when did til become an index of wikipedia articles for history's most famous figures ? i remember seeing

1 due to j . edgar hoover's excessive abuse of power , directors of the fbi are now limited to 10 years in office .	yet his name is on the building . that alone says much . they do great work ... but ignore huge crimes .
2 i can't stand when i see pictures of the building and the name is in the caption somewhere . but i guess the fbi named it and the bureau was	you can't stand when you see that ? as in , you saw it previously , and couldn't stand it ? does that mean that you , in fact ,
3 i knew about hoover long ago . what i learned today was that they term limited the post because of him . had no idea there was a term limit	say it ... real slow ...

1 of a town with a " no death " policy . the bodies do not decompose due to cold , so the sick and dying are taken south .	one more generation and my mighty chessboard will be complete !

1 in 1893 a serial killer in chicago designed , built and opened a hotel for himself specifically with murder in mind . he may have killed 200 +	how did this get built ? you'd think the carpenter installing the blowtorch-trapdoor-fleshgrinder would've turned to his buddy at some point and said , " hey harvey , you ever
2 he would never allow any contractor to see a complete set of blueprints , and he regularly dismissed builders to replace them before sections of the massive project had been	this seems like the origin of the batcave .

1 in 1979 , an unknown group of people paid for the erection of the " georgia guidestones " , 6 granite slabs that instruct the survivors of an apocalyptic scenario	how the fuck isn't this a roland emmerich movie yet ? * * the stones * *

1 when writing " paradise city , " the band had to vote on the second line because slash wanted " where the girls are fat and they've got big titties	take me down to a paradise city where girls are green and grass is pretty

1 there's a school that allows students to do whatever they want . no curriculum . no tests or hw . no classes unless requested . 82 % of these students	more proof that we can get rid of the doe .

1 the iranian government can , and will , sentence its citizens to the death penalty if they decide to change their religion from islam	what sort of fucking bullshit is that ? iran has the highest jewish population outside of israel ... rubbish article .
2 it is not illegal to be of a different faith , it is illegal to change your faith .	apostasy .

1 : there is a game called desert bus . the objective of the game is to drive a bus from tucson , arizona to las vegas , nevada in real	not to mention the bus pulls to the right , so you actually have to be playing to ~ ~ steer it . ~ ~ keep it on the road

1 the american rock band , " nine inch nails " is run by one man , trent reznor , the singer , songwriter , and instrumentalist . he hires people	face . palm .
2 ?	common knowledge

1 louisiana actually isn't the most french speaking state . according to the 2013 census , 5.28 % of maine households are french speaking , compared to 4.68 % in louisiana	logical , since maine is geographically closer to france .
2 not sure if youre joking , but its mostly because it borders quebec , which speaks french	i mean , it is geographically closer to france or at least french territory .

1 breastfeeding not only has many traditionally known benefits , such as weight loss and maternal bonding , but is also linked to a decrease in maternal risk of type 2	thanks obama , no seriously , thanks obama for covering the cost of breastpumps http://www.npr.org/blogs/money/2013/01/25/170259620/free-breast-pumps-and-the-cost-of-health-care

1 in 1994 the writers of toy story concepted wall-e , a bug's life , monster's inc . , and finding nemo all during a single lunch .	the concepts aren't really that impressive , and the writers probably had some of these ideas before that lunch . what made the movies great are the storytelling , scripts
2 i'm not sure i agree with you . as far as kids movies go , these were pretty innovative ideas 20 years ago , specially monsters inc . you are	monsters inc . is basically just happy " ahh real monsters ! " .

1 nokia made a handheld game console in 2003 , the n-gage . in the first two weeks , nokia claimed to have sold 400,000 units , but researchers later found	your learned about the n-gage today ?
2 the til is about the sales fact , not the device .	" til nokia made a handheld game console in 2003 , the n-gage . " no it isn't . plus the only noteworthy thing about the n-gage is that it
3 that part was added just to clear things up or the comments would be full of " what's an n-gage "	that's terrifying .

1 all birds of prey check over their shoulders for other predators before striking - except for eagles	that eagle's gonna wish he had checked over his shoulder when jake sully jumps on his ass

1 a hacker leaked half life 2 ' s source code and maps pre-release . in order to catch him , gabe tricked the hacker into thinking valve wanted to hire	gabe for president !

1 at it's top speed of 254 mph , the bugatti veyron averages only 3 mpg .	city buses also average 3 mpg . at 30 mph .
2 but they hold , what , twenty times as many people ?	not sure how many you want to cram in a veyron , but the buses on my college campus could probably hold 50 people on a cold day , and

1 wilson the volleyball from the movie castaway was inspired when screenwriter william broyles , jr deliberately stranded himself for one week on an isolated beach in the sea of cortez	might have been a kinda different movie if something like a dead whale washed up on shore . " willie ! "

1 in ww2 german field marshal erwin rommel would often personally pilot a reconnaissance aircraft over the battle to view the situation . although rommel did not have a pilot's license	desert fox was a badass and a half
2 yup , badass enough to try and kill hitler .	" you come at the king , you best not miss . " he missed . :( edit : phrasing .
3 ... did you just equate hitler and omar ? edit : maybe we should have sent a kid .	send a nine year old with a handgun bigger than him .

1 - jenson has only ever had 1 pole position with mclaren	interesting statistic . i guess jenson's never been fantastic in qualifying he tends to have far better race pace especially in changeable conditions . like him as a driver but
2 he excels in very variable conditions , with a bit of luck regarding pit strategy	force india's formal and official tyre strategy in mixed conditions is : ' follow button ' . pretty flattering ! i read some * mental * statistic that as of

1 e . t . , blade runner , star trek ii : the wrath of kahn , poltergeist , and the thing were all released on the same month and	ah the good ole days ...

1 al capone's bullet proof cadillac with run-flat tires was seized by treasury agents and was later used as president franklin d . roosevelt's limousine	great story-intersting times ! president roosevelt was quoted as saying , " i hope mr . capone doesn't mind ! " , with that famous smile .

1 there is a species of deer with fangs .	[ a few ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Musk_deer )

1 side effects of the antidepressant anafranil include heartburn , weight loss , and spontaneous orgasms that are triggered by yawning .	bore-gasm

1 the number of chinese killed by the japanese during ww2 is greater than the number of jews killed in the holocaust	[ nanking massacre ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nanking_Massacre ) is one of the scariest events to even imagine . almost 300,000 killed in the span of 6 weeks . forced incest ,
2 it's probably a good thing that the allies won when you think about it .	probably the last war where the bad guys actually really acted like bad guys . or where it where the contrast between good and evil was so stark .
3 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mass_rape_of_German_women_by_Soviet_Red_Army yeah , really stark contrast between good and evil alright ...	yeah , russia doesn't count as allies for a lot of people . i think for the term allies often refers to the anglosphere .

1 neil gaiman wanted to make a movie of " anansi boys " , but the moviemakers wanted to change the black characters to white and remove any magic ( in	its kinda sad that the only reason he wrote this book , is because one of his actor friends said there are no good science fiction roles for black people
2 there are no good science fiction roles for black people other than will smith . edit : i was joking , there are plenty of awesome non-white sci-fi actors ,	levar burton & snoop lion .

1 pitchfork media deletes and changes reviews when it ends up on the wrong side of musical history	pitchfork is to finding new music as wikipedia is to doing serious research : it's a fine place to start , but if at some point you don't move on

1 serial killer glen rogers confessed to the killing of nicole brown simpson , clearing oj from the crime directly .	if you actually look at his story ( which the wiki article doesn't cover ) , it's completely unbelievable . that's what you'd expect though , considering the guy has
2 oj's former manager claims in an interview that he specifically pointed to the evidence which proves he was the killer . i'm not validating that , but according to some	link ? and in any event , is it really all that weird that a close friend of simpson wants to think he's innocent ?

1 the name six flags comes from the flags of the six different nations that have governed texas	and yet , magic mountain in california is their best amusement park .
2 how does one empirically measure an amusement park . vomit in gal / hrs ?	imo it's better because it's built on a mountain side . the place is simply more interesting to walk around because of the terrain . kind of like a minecraft

1 during the first few minutes of the hunt for red october the film switches from russian to english . the switch occurs on the word " armageddon " , which	yeah , but are you gettin ' it ?

1 tina turner is no longer an american citizen . she has passed a german language test and swiss history test and is exclusively a swiss citizen after giving up her	i'm surprised by the comments of good riddance , etc . from what i understand she's lived in switzerland for almost 20 years and is married to a german .
2 can comfirm . i lived in zürich in the early nineties and she had a huge property in our hood . never saw her though .	never has a hood sounded so desirable !

1 sean connery was offered to play in manchester united , but chose to decline it and move on to the film industry .	kony 2012

1 humans can survive indefinitely on a diet of just potatoes and butter	on the flip side , if you only eat rabbit , [ you will starve to death ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rabbit_starvation ) .
2 according to the survivor man , this is true only if you eat just the meat . if you eat the eyeballs and organs you'll get enough fat and other	but you will need a * lot * of rabbits then and eat only fatty things - little of the meat - or rabbit starvation

1 william hung of american idol fame gave up his music career in 2011 to become a technical crime analyst for the los angeles county sheriff's department	that's what he does now ? ! wow . good for him . i just never cared enough to look into it . my body is fulfilled with this knowledge

1 the us navy has been trying to give away an experimental stealth ship since 2006 ... still no takers	where is bob barker ? he should buy it and use it for the sea shepard campaign ...

1 : 35 % of democrats polled in 2007 believed the president or the cia knew about the 9/11 attacks in advance .	[ zogby is not really a reliable polling firm , either . ] ( http://www.fivethirtyeight.com/2009/03/worst-pollster-in-world-strikes-again.html )

1 titanic's fourth funnel was fake , added to make the ship look more powerful ( and symmetrical ) . a bit like putting a dummy exhaust on a car .	kitchen exhaust as well as some exhaust from the electrical turbine room traveled through the rear funnel . . source : i work at a titanic museum
2 as a former tour guide on a large now permanently docked passenger liner , the immigrants thought that ships with more funnels were more reliable and powerful . basically a	queen mary ?

1 king harald of norway vowed to remain unmarried for life unless he could marry his true love , the daughter of a cloth merchant . she became the queen of	fun fact , the swedish royal family once befriended a somalian refugee who then [ stole the royal jewels to buy weed ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20120614/41442 )
2 all that guy had to do was not fuck up , and he could be friends 4 life with the royal family . instead , he steals from them the	haha oh man . wow . i have so many words for this situation .

1 in the uk , there are road cameras that photograph cars . from the photos ' time stamp data , the average speed of any given car between two points	this is what a speed trap does ( the white line painted across the road about 75 feet apart ) . granted a cop has to be there timing you

1 at the start of the infamous ' ice bowl ' game , the referee tried to blow his whistle , but it froze to his lips . when he tried	i love those documentaries on the ice bowl . just makes you remember how that generation of folks were such hard-asses ... try having that game today , with all

1 , in the 1908 olympic flag parade in the uk , the american flag bearer refused to dip the american flag to king edward vii .	and the america is better than britain debate comes up . and then the british say no britain is better . truth be told i think both nations are pretty
2 living in britain , i can't think of a single brit who would honestly argue that britain is really any better or worse than america . it's ... pretty much	as an englishman i resent that . our government is doing a far better job of spying on us than america's is .
3 or a worse job keeping it secret ;-)	not really keeping it a secret at all . you can scarcely have a wank in the uk without being watched by 10 cameras . they could easily turn britain

1 hitler was a vegetarian and against any form of animal cruelty . during movies in which animal cruelty was portrayed , he would cover his eyes and look away until	he went to art school when he was younger he wanted to be a painter hitler was a vegetarian he was also a non-smoker he hired gay and handicapped officers
2 i don't know if you're kidding or not , but number 5 is not true at all .	goebbels was at least handicapped though . one of his feet was severely deformed .

1 john young smuggled a roast beef sandwich into space .	sadly , the sandwich broke up upon re-entry . never forget .

1 confederate cavalry general nathan bedford forrest was the first grand wizard of the ku klux klan . he quit the group less than two years later . in 1875 he	this guy deserves no praise . he slaughtered black troops that were trying to surrender . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Fort_Pillow
2 if you read further , you'll find it was his soldiers who did it without his command . he was later held in disdain by many because he failed to	a commander is responsible for the actions of his men . there's also the whole being a traitor to the united states and fighting a war to preserve slavery and
3 that war was the last gasp of state's rights , too . its hardly black and white ...	states rights to own people you mean or did the confederate constitution contain other other interesting differences of which i am unaware ?

1 originally all humans were lactose intolerant , and those who aren't lactose intolerant are the ones with a mutation .	oh my god im actually normal ? ! ? !

1 carl sagan was not an atheist and hated the term .	same for neil degrasse tyson . he once said in [ an interview ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iK8qc-6ZX8A&feature=player_detailpage#t=3948s ) that people keep editing his wiki page claiming him as an atheist and
2 why don't people get this ? http://educatheist.files.wordpress.com/2012/01/wgl13.jpg	another chart that hopefully , should help explain the overlaps between agnosticism / gnosticism and atheism / theism : http://i.imgur.com/BZmey.png
3 gnostic atheist : doesn't believe in god ( s ) yet claims that proof exists . most confused people on the planet .	you can also say that gnostic atheists claim with 100 % certainty that gods do not exist . i agree that it is a very confusing stand - just as

1 traces of coca and nicotine found in some egyptian mummies have led some to speculate that ancient egyptians may have traveled to the new world ( america ) .	https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thor_Heyerdahl#Boats_Ra_and_Ra_II
2 interesting article but can we talk about the guy named thor for a second ? its like everyone in the party got the most stereotypical name for their nationality .	norman is a stereotypical american name

1 in america , you can turn right on a red light .	my scottish exchange students would always freak out when i did

1 alec baldwin was the narrator on thomas the tank engine	no , it was [ ringo starr ] ( http://ttte.wikia.com/wiki/Ringo_Starr )

1 roller coaster tycoon was programmed by one guy . in assembly .	( gonna rain down votes on me but ) what is assembly ? and how is it harder than c ?
2 a really high level language like java pretends that the hardware doesn't exist . c loves hardware . everything you do can be translated directly into what , specifically ,	i played around with java ( took ap computer science ) but just never liked it , attention to details and stuff , i've always been better with hardware :/

1 " weekend update " debuted on the first episode of snl and is their longest running skit .	how old are you ? i'm 22 and thought this was common knowledge .
2 apparently i'm a 36 year old dipshit , ama .	who gets angry in a subreddit about learning stuff ... about people learning stuff ?

1 sand sharks get pregnant with up to 50 embryos where one eats all of the others , grows and is born .	next hunger games movie ?

1 will smith is recreating the movie " annie " in 2012 with new music from jay-z . starring willow smith as annie .	these needs all the upvotes .

1 list of the next 7 disney animated movies ( 2015 to 2018 )	i think one of the untitled movies is the incredibles sequel ? ? ?

1 , in ancient greece , large penises were considered comical ( a little nsfw )	well that explains [ biggus dickus ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2K8_jgiNqUc )

1 roger ebert on adam sandler's punch-drunk love performance " sandler , liberated from the constraints of formula , reveals unexpected depths as an actor ... you can imagine him in	well he can try roger , he can try .

1 there's a man who ran nonstop for 135 miles in 120f degrees across death valley , a marathon in the south pole in - 40f and did 50 marathons in	fun drama fact for those who have read born to run . dean and scott jurek got beef .

1 odds of being attacked by a candiru ( penis invading fish ) are " about the same as being struck by lightning while simultaneously being eaten by a shark .	but you say it does happend ? ? crap

1 hillary clinton was the first female member of the wal-mart board of directors . she is currently one of the largest shareholders for wal-mart	... which is why anyone hoping for a " more progressive president " can just fuggeddaboudit until either 2024 , or whenever the revolution starts .

1 after pablo escobar's death , the 4 hippos he kept as pets have begun to breed and become an invasive species in colombia	their rhymes are bottomless
2 > lyrics	all you lovely bitches know that he's trying to correct this .
3 and hoes .	they call me the , rhymenoscerous , not because i'm fat , not because i got birds on my back but because i'm horny !

1 a hiroshima policeman went to nagasaki to teach police about ducking after the atomic flash . as a result of this timely warning , not a single nagasaki policeman died	i don't understand " duck and cover " , if you recognise what the flash is in time to react what else is there to do ? it's not as

1 in 2011 the fox network threatened to cancel the simpsons if production costs weren't lowered . all the voice actors accepted a 30 % paycut to each earn $ 300,000	while they still make a good chunk of cash i think it's still a great gesture to take a 30 % pay cut for the sake of their job .

1 each suit in a deck of cards represents the four seasons , the 13 represent 13 lunar months , the 52 cards represent the 52 weeks in a year ,	i was pretty sure that the suits were for different class divisions : hearts for the church , spades for aristocrats , diamonds for soldiers , and clubs for peasants
2 spade would be soldiers and diamonds aristocrats , since spades are swords and diamonds are wealth , no ? also , that symbolism works really well for chess . king	wouldn't spades be a spade , making them peasants ? and clubs be soldiers ? gotta call a spade a spade .

1 jack and meg white of the white stripes claimed to be brother and sister , but were actually married and then divorced before the band made it big . jack	not only did jack take meg's surname his new wife took his surname which he took from meg .
2 that's weird .	why ? i have a shitty last name and hope to marry a girl with a cool last name .
3 catz isn't that bad of a last name . it could be worse .	my 8th grade english teacher was mr . katz . close enough i guess . he was alright .

1 it is legal to drive barefoot in the united states , canada , and uk	actually , it's per state . i have lived in ny and ct and it's illegal both places , according to the troopers who've pulled me over . my uncle
2 it's legal everywhere . http://www.barefooters.org/driving/	that's ... interesting . i guess the troopers were just pulling that out of their asses ? wouldn't put it past ' em . ( i wasn't pulled over ,

1 the tv series captain planet was the first children's show to deal with hiv-aids . the episode involved a villain brainwashed a community , making them think hiv could pass	and that's what made him gay . true story .

1 during the filming of taxi driver , de niro asked cybill shepherd out on a date . she turned him down , and he did not speak to her ,	[ cybill shepherd as a young woman ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/0d/18/bf/0d18bf7eb594c5ae4197456ca9409dc7.jpg ) was a physical masterpiece . no wonder de niro was smitten .
2 ehhhh	* http://www.strangeclosets.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/03/lastpicture-0127i.jpg * http://i.ytimg.com/vi/tehPusNylVY/maxresdefault.jpg * http://i.imgur.com/VwQmm.jpg

1 at the end of the vietnam war , the uss midway crew pushed $ 10mil of helicopters into the sea so that a cessna full of evacuees could land on	the pilot of that cessna , major buang-ly and his family now live in florida . here is a video of him talking about that day . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zq_mg8CtSzk

1 in the new deal , fdr called for a new tax program called the revenue act of 1935 , which imposed an income tax of 79 % on incomes over	itt a lot of populist ideas of " get the rich " ! but an 80 % tax is basically seizure . i don't think that is a good idea
2 80 % on the amount of money over $ 5m . the money he made beneath $ 5m he'd be taxed like everyone else . however 80 % is high	the money below that was 74 % and below that was 73 % and except for the bare necessities was generally over 50 %

1 nba hall of famer patrick ewing frequently faced racist chants while he played in college . in one game after an orange was thrown at him , the opposing coach	at one game a fan held a big sign that said " patrick ewing can't read this " , loved him as a knick , he always played hard and
2 the dream shake was unstoppable ... while mj was retired . then it became stoppable again , suddenly . i always liked ewing too . isn't he a coach for	jordan never played hakeem in the playoffs .
3 i realize that . but the only time hakeem won a championship was while jordan was retired . his dream shake was only dominant because jordan wasn't there . the	wrong ! jordan lost to the magic in the semi finals . then the magic got swept by the rockets in the 95 finals .

1 nokia made a handheld game console in 2003 , the n-gage . in the first two weeks , nokia claimed to have sold 400,000 units , but researchers later found	i almost bought this thing . ( coming from a guy who bought a dreamcast )

1 gay men have bigger penises .	so if i say i'm gay , i'm hung and if i say i'm straight ... dilemma .

1 an american soldier from the korean war was given the medal of honor for killing 5 chinese soldiers ... 4 with his bare hands ... while giving medical aid to	and now he sits on the high seat next to odin in valhalla .
2 didn't die in battle ... didn't go to valhalla	his greatest shame .

1 there is a species of deer with fangs .	came face to to face with one of these near the dmz in south korea .

1 the supply of plutonium - 238 , the fuel used to power curiosity and other exploratory spacecraft , is nearly depleted and is no longer being produced by either the	and congress can't agree on who should pay to resume production , nasa or the doe because they're a bunch of bickering ninnies .

1 beck wrote and composed all of the songs on his grammy award winning album of the year ' morning phase ' whilst also playing over 15 instruments and singling vocals	it boggled my mind . particularly because of the kanye thing . they made fun of kanye because beck won , did all his own stuff on his album ,

1 rolling stones drummer , charlie watts , was sleeping one day , when mick jagger phoned drunk to watts ' hotel room asking where was his drummer . watts got	he put the moves on jagger ?
2 just his knuckles .	just the tip of his knuckles .
3 just the tip	lanaaaaa !

1 despite having only 3 % of america's population , ohio has produced 25 astronauts , including john glenn and neil armstrong . the top wwi and ii fighter aces (	devo !

1 the comedian gallagher who smashed watermelons has a chemical engineering degree .	haha i've met him . i think he's on some chemicals ...

1 cotton will catch on fire if super glue is applied to it .	protip : vaseline also works and burns slower than you'd think . some cotton packed with vaseline makes in a tin makes a handy survival fire starter .

1 show producers gave a homeless man $ 100,000 to do what he wants ; within 6 months he had nearly spent all the money , and he eventually went broke	lack of " money training , " which you would ordinarily accumulate when you become wealthy gradually . which is why so many lottery-winners are broke again within a year
2 that's a 1000 % return that's not how it works	i have seen enough movies to know that's exactly how it works .

1 in 1976 , a soviet pilot defected to japan in his advanced mig - 25 fighter , which russia demanded be returned . japan complied , but only after allowing	godamnit i just spent another hour on wikipedia . i guess i learned some things though ...
2 mig 25 and 31 are masterpiece of aerospace machine . to this day there are no operational military plane that flies faster than mig - 25 . and it has	not much point in going fast if that is all you can do .

1 after the release of all that jazz in 1979 , stanley kubrick reportedly believed it to be the " best film i think i have ever seen . "	* if i die , i'm sorry for all the things i did to you . and if i live , i'm sorry for all the things i'm gonna do

1 muslims believe that all human beings are born pure . children automatically go to heaven when they die , regardless of the religion of their parents	christians believe this as well , if a child is too young to know for him / herself he / she is not judged .
2 i don't think that's true of all sects . i know catholics are hardcore about getting babies baptized as quickly as possible because many think the infants ' souls will	limbo has not been a main stream catholic belief for a while . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Limbo

1 f1 cars can generate enough downforce to theoretically drive on the ceiling , but it's never been tried :(	it wouldn't exactly be an easy test to pull off , you'd have to custom build a facility to carry it out . and i doubt any of the teams
2 a completely custom facility may not be necessary . [ in top gear they used a large drainage pipe for an admittedly smaller scale version of this . ] (	but this would be counted as testing outside of the regulations . any form of f1 car driving outside of the track , and specified dates is strictly watched /

1 the modern olympic torch relay was originally devised as a propaganda tool for the nazi party in 1936 .	i will be seeing the nazi's propaganda tool on friday ! oh the joy !
2 omg wombatz atthe pier ed	too soon

1 sloths will remain hanging off branches after death , and often will not fall even after being shot	who the shit shoots a sloth , let alone a dead one ?
2 and then lets it sit there ? ! ? ! you just skin it , plop it in a pot with some water , potatoes , and other vegetables ,	what's taters , precious ?

1 shakuntala devi , an indian mental calculator , was asked to give the 23rd root of a 201 - digit number ; she answered in 50 seconds . her answer	mentat

1 ' re : ' in email subjects is not an abbreviation of ' reply ' , but a complete word , borrowed from latin , meaning ' about ' ,	" to : you from : me reply : the mess in the office refrigerator " you really thought it meant " reply " ? did that make any sense
2 what ? why doesn't that make sense ? as in " this is a reply to your message about the mess in the office refrigerator . "	because if it's the initial memo , it's not a " reply " .

1 during us-backed pinochet's violent takeover of chile , a popular singer was beaten , tortured and had his hands broken . while he lay on the ground , his captors	http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zvUk5AJaz28

1 the gnarls barkley song ' crazy ' topped the uk charts for so long it was eventually pulled so people would " remember the song fondly and not get sick	they needed to do this with uptown funk weeks ago .
2 the discrepancy here is that crazy is good .	why is uptown funk not good ? because it's popular ? wow you're a very special snowflake
3 > why is uptown funk not good ? because it's popular ? crazy wasn't popular ?	in 5 years he'll love uptown funk

1 the cougar holds the guinness record for the animal with the highest number of names , with over 40 in english alone .	puma , mountain lion
2 38 to go .	panther , catamount ... 36 left
3 american lion brown tiger catamount cougar deer cat deer tiger florida panther ghost cat indian devil king cat mexican lion mountain demon mountain devil mountain screamer painted cat painter panther	as mexican , i never heard the name mexican lion . we call them pumas , it's a very popular term due a football team called by the same name

1 tim curry was originally cast to portray the joker in batman : the animated series , but he was replaced by mark hammil because his voice was too scary	i do not believe this . you don't lose your job in acting because you performed your roll to well
2 * role * too literacy , try it !	don't be an asshole ! try it

1 tony hawk has an i . q . of 144	he's also an amazingly nice guy . i've had the pleasure of meeting him a few times

1 during a lecture , an oxford philosopher made the claim that although a double negative in english implies a positive meaning , there is no language in which a double	yeah right is another

1 as a child , stephen king apparently witnessed one of his friends being struck and killed by a train , though he has no memory of the event .	our subconscious is a scary place .

1 just as america entered wwii , serial bomber george metesky informed nypd that , as a patriot of his country , he would make no bomb threats for the duration	that's a villain i can respect , not admire or condone , but respect .
2 why do you respect him ?	cause even the assholes back then seem to be more classy than the average fucker today

1 kryptonite was invented because superman's original voice actor wanted time off , and the only way to do this was to make superman sick .	the problem with kryptonite is that every baddie ( and hero ) has it these days . though they don't have much of a choice when dc writes superman to
2 no way . luthor , superman , metallo , and batman are pretty much the only ones with kryptonite . and who cares if superman's overpowered ? most of his	wonder woman's kryptonite is kinky bondage .

1 thrift shop was the first song since 1994 that reached number 1 on the hot 100 chart without the support of a major record label	macklemore is hip-hop for people who don't like hip-hop .
2 i'm sure there are tons of people who love both " real " hip hop and macklemore .	not really

1 famous mathematician paul erdos was once challenged to quit taking amphetamines for one month by a concerned friend . he succeeded , but complained " you've showed me i'm not	methamatics

1 michael keaton refused 15,000 , 000 to play batman forever because tim burton was dropped as its director .	how michael keaton ended his career .

1 a woman named chante mallard hit a homeless man with her car , sending him through her windshield . she drove home , parked her car in her garage &	" thanks for the ride lady "
2 iunderstoodthatreference.gifv	i knew you were out there !

1 a mans booby trapped farmhouse resulted in a burglar's legs being shot with a shotgun . the burglar sued him and won . later , when asked if he would	this is the same case my lawyer told me to look up when i insisted that i wanted to booby trap my doorbell so that it would ' gently '

1 keanu reeves had a girlfriend in the late 90s that gave birth to his daughter but tragically the baby was stillborn and the girlfriend died in a car accident 2	if there is any reason that he could / would be messed up this would be it .

1 not a single cactus grows in the sahara , as cacti are native only to the americas .	so the cactus in sicily and southern spain were brought from the americas ?

1 on this day 32 years ago richard stallman announced his intentions to create one of the first free operating systems .	gnu . day . rocks . gnu . day . rocks . gnu . day . rocks . / wwe

1 the grey affected roger ebert so much , he walked out of his next scheduled screening . " it was the first time i've ever walked out of a film	definitely one of the best quotes from any movie . " once more into the fray . into the last good fight i'll ever know . live or die on

1 shirley phelps-roper ( westboro baptists , daughter of fred phelps ) had a son out of wedlock and therefore is the type of person she preaches against .	shirley phelps is a hypocrite . also , the sky is blue and smoking causes cancer .

1 stephen fry spent time in prison for credit card fraud	he talked about this pretty extensively in his autobiography , on qi and in other interviews .

1 dwayne " the rock " johnson knew about osama bin laden's death before every news media and the public	hawaii roots that's why !

1 shania twain divorced her husband after he cheated with her best friend . later twain married the ex-husband of that same best friend .	never shall the twain meet again .

1 one of the only australian animals which doesn't want to kill you is the native bee - of 1,500 species , most either don't have a stinger or can't sting	also the mosquito - responsible for the deaths of probably half the human beings who've ever lived - almost never kills people here . malaria was declared eradicated from the

1 upon his second defeat to alexander the great , king darius iii of persia offered alexander 30,000 talents ( 780 tons of silver , worth around £ 500,000 , 000	i think it wasn't an " unconditional " surrender . the condition was you take the silver and don't conquer anything else . unconditional is what the allies did in

1 a father and son survived a megatsunami ( 1700 ' wave ) by riding out the wave in their alaskan fishing boat	megatsunamis

1 nero did not sit idle while rome burned , but instead paid out-of-pocket for a relief effort and homeless shelters .	nice try , grand-grand-grand - ... - grand-grand-son of nero !
2 i think you mean great-great-great - ... - great-grand-son	d'oh !

1 according to johnny cash's first wife , " ring of fire " was written not about love , but about " a certain private female body part . "	bet it was the ear

1 the average 70 - year-old inuit with a traditional diet of whale and seal has arteries as elastic as those of a 20 - year-old danish resident .	they also live in a very inhospitable clime and probably have to exercise more than the average dane just for their day-to-day existence .

1 during the spanish-american war , a warship sent to capture guam fired 13 shots at the harbour fort ; the spanish sent an officer out to aplogise for not returning	plot twist ; they weren't at war until they realised the spanish had no fire power

1 an identity thief stole the identity of a surgeon and while aboard a navy destroyer was tasked with performing several life saving surgeries . he proceeded to memorize a medical	from wiki : he impersonated a ship's doctor , a civil engineer , a sheriff's deputy , an assistant prison warden , a doctor of applied psychology , a hospital
2 a benedictine and a trapist monk ? wow .	that's hardcore . trappists are like benedictines with more rules . but you have to wear a white habit as a trappist ... less slimming ...
3 but don't trappists make great beer ?	yes they do !

1 in states that have legalized no-fault divorce , domestic violence rates dropped by 30 percent , and female suicide declined between 8 and 16 percent , while showing no lasting	it's just silly that you'd have to pick a reason for getting divorced . when you get married you don't have to choose a reason for getting married . i
2 nowadays , yes . now imagine women in the early 1900s who had been raised to be a perfect wife and had no skills , and the husband just kicks	this is why i'm desperately trying to put my wife through college , teach her to drive , etc . if something happens to me , she and our children
3 uh ... is she a russian mail order bride or something ?	i have a lot of friends in nyc who doesn't have a driver's license .

1 on a trip to china , prince philip joked to students that " if you stay here much longer , you'll go slit-eyed . " after initial concerns of offense	the guys whole life is / r / nocontext

1 brad pitt and morgan freeman would refuse to promote se7en if it hadn't ended the way it did	i wonder how many other movies were ruined by suits from the studios pushing for the typical hollywood ending ...
2 [ i am legend ] ( http://www.firstshowing.net/2008/must-watch-i-am-legends-original-ending-this-is-amazing/ ) had the ending ruined by test audiences and studio heads .	blade runner was fucked up by the studio on its initial release .

1 : although the butt of many jokes , polish americans on average make $ 11,000 more a year and are 30 % more likely to obtain a college degree than	as an american , i cannot recall any jokes about the polish .
2 i've heard of polish inventions jokes ... for example : 1.screen door on a submarine 2.solar powered flashlight 3.ejector seat on a helicoptor	golden eye and the ka - 50 would argue with you on that .

1 science fiction writer isaac asimov died from complications of hiv due to a blood transfusion . for the next 10 years , the public wasn't told he died of hiv	i am coincidently watching the dallas buyers club right now .

1 heinrich schliemann while searching for the archaeological remains of troy , blew up 9 levels of archaeological remains with dynamite , including the level that is believed to be the	it makes me sick to my stomach to hear stuff like this . i may take history a bit too seriously .
2 i don't believe one can take history too seriously .	idk ... the third reich took history pretty seriously .
3 i would argue that the third reich took their interpretation of history pretty seriously . they took tacitus ' germania as inspiration and ran with the idea that germanic peoples	i don't mean to be a pedant but the all caps'd " their " implies there is such a thing as objective history . tacitus himself wrote the stereotypes in

1 the creator of cowboy bebop was told to make a show to sell spaceship toys , with the instructions , " so long as there's a spaceship in it ,	i love cowboy bebop , but haven't seen the last couple of episodes . i just didn't want the ride to end . i recently bought the bluray . i'm

1 moose attack more people annually than bears and wolves combined .	it's a good rule of thumb to not approach wild animals that are large enough to trample you . you could get a great photo , or you could get

1 a " butt " was a medieval unit of measure for wine . technically , a buttload of wine is about 475 liters , or 126 gallons .	my car gets 40 rods to the hogshead and that's the way i likes it .

1 mother theresa caused thousands to suffer because she believed suffering " brought people closer to christ " and was the source of many deaths because she refused to give people	yes , she was flawed . yes , she made mistakes . but condemning her entire life's efforts to help the poor due to one flawed aspect of them is

1 the us seized a wire transfer between denmark and germany to pay for cuban cigars , citing its own trade embargo with cuba as justification	fuck off , america ! no one even wants you around anymore ! they're just pissing everyone else off .
2 you want us to hand you your country back ... again	it's the same recipe as always . countries hate america publicly but they love our money and aid privately .

1 charles darwin and abraham lincoln were born on the same day	its also my birthday

1 in 1988 ian mckellen visited michael howard , then environment secretary , to lobby against section 28 . howard refused to change his position but did ask him to leave	i'm starting to think that all wizards are gay now . must be a per-requisite at wizard school .
2 i hope you read pratchett !	as in terry pratchett ? i don't . i should read more .

1 a pizza with bacon and egg on it is a common offering at australian pizza places .	you can get it here in sweden too , it's awesome !

1 alan tudyk ( aka wash from firefly ) , along with adam baldwin and nathan fillion voiced marines in halo 3 . these marines had personalities based on the three	arrrgghhh

1 , on his deathbed , aldous huxley asked his wife for acid and she obliged him .	read [ the doors of perception ] ( http://mescaline.com/huxley.htm ) by aldous huxley by clicking on the link . he puts the ineffable into words in one of the best

1 singapore has the world's highest percentage of millionaires , with one out of every six households having at least $ 1,000 , 000 us dollars in disposable wealth .	cars are expensive here though . it can cost up to a $ 130,000 for a honda accord here . cost of living is also quite high .
2 so why don't you take all your freakin wealth and move to the us ?	it's also like , why don't u take all your wealth and move to the congo .

1 actor steve buscemi was a new york city fire fighter from 1980 to 1984 . he showed up at his old firehouse the day after 9/11 in new york to	this has got to be in the top 10 most posted tils .
2 r / til - where everything is a repost , and the points don't matter . btw , i think they prefer the term " greatest hits " .	/ r / til
3 i got lazy , like the op looking for original content . zing edit : dammit , i responded to a bot . a new low in my reddit career	you're welcome

1 you are required to vote in australia ; if you don't , you'll face a fine	not to mention that not voting is a vote in and of itself .

1 the nickname ' skip ' identifies someone who has the same first name as their grandparent but not their parent , essentially ' skipping ' a generation .	or someone who is a big uno enthusiast .
2 i imagine the maury episode for the kid nicknamed " draw 4 "	that was a pretty wild episode

1 the onion has been in existence for 26 years	i was listening to a very old howard stern broadcast and robin was referring to the onion , was surprised .

1 ' ' apache n4sir ' ' was the last man on earth to play on the original xbox's live service , for nearly 30 days after it was discontinued .	i remember following the story ... he's on reddit , i believe his name here is apache 998 , pretty cool guy
2 ama request	i'll do an ama if the interest is there .
3 you should do one on / r / casualama	didn't even know that was a thing . upon looking at casualama it looks like it all has to do with masterbation ... i'll stick with the typical ( better

1 in the online game eve a player group spent 12 months infiltrating a rival group , then assassinated their leader and stole or destroyed $ 16,500 . 00 usd worth	eve destroyed my life . i couldn't stop thinking of the game . i spent real money on spaceships that i lost . i played for 12 + hours a
2 eve : valkyrie + oculus rift will restart your addiction . hopefully not , i don't want to play the devils advocate here .	what a wonderful comment . how about you go into / r / depression and tell people they will end up in misery again ?

1 in the early 90 ' s , a younger bill nye appeared on the seattle sketch show " almost live " and corrected the host's pronunciation of gigawatt . (	[ this reference ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/Music/comments/20gu1v/a_latin_radio_station_out_in_california_has_been/cg355wj ) makes sense now .

1 in almost every adaptation of dora the explorer outside the us and uk , dora teaches english , not spanish .	dora speaks in many tongues i see ...

1 the term " kosher salt " derives not from its being made in accordance with the guidelines for kosher foods as written in the torah ( nearly all salt is	i always thought this was a scam ! this makes way more sense .

1 the current afc west ( broncos , chiefs , chargers , raiders ) has the longest in-division rivalry in football	well we do have the most super bowl wins , playoff berths , division titles , and best record . so we all know who the superior team is .
2 * was * ftfy	why the correction ?

1 the british war hero admiral nelson was taken back to england ( from the battle of trafalgar ) in a coffin made from the mast of a french ship he	[ sharpe's trafalgar ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sharpe's_Trafalgar ) is a great ( fictional ) account of the battle . fantastic action sequence by one of the masters , bernard cornwell .

1 what alcohol " proof " is actually proof of	my grandpa used to make moonshine in the swamp where he grew up and my grandma could tell the proof of the liquor just by shaking it and reading the

1 german prisoners of war in the u . s during wwii were allowed outside camps without guards solely on the honor system . no prisoner ever ran away .	meanwhile in russia they were dying by the hundreds in gulags , along with " political prisoners " and " enemies of the state " ...

1 john f . kennedy bought 1,200 cuban cigars the day before the us embargo against cuba came into effect	i worked with a guy that bought one of the last boxes . around 25000 dollars . he accidentally smoke one of them . said it was a horrible cigar
2 how do you accidentally smoke a cigar ?	he bought a 25000 dollar box of cigars ... i figured he already had a big collection which would make it easier to confuse which cigars you're smoking
3 you buy a $ 25,000 box of cigars , you sure as hell aren't gonna mix them in with your regular cigars ... hell , i buy a couple of	haha right you are . he learned the hard way . that's why he came to my work . wanting us to build a humidor for him

1 : carlos puyol listens to extreme metal to get pumped up for games	i'm not a fan of barca because i am bitter at their success but i loves me some puyol , and this makes him even more of a g !

1 the us coast guard would receive telegrams from concerned citizens , who didn't realize gilligan's island was a scripted show , asking for them to rescue the castaways	they'd have gotten off the island in a week if gilligan hadn't survived .

1 curb your enthusiasm saved a guy from murder charges . outtake footage of an episode taking place at dodgers stadium showed the accused in the crowd , some 20 miles	my favorite episode : larry hires a hooker so he can use the car pool lane to make it to the stadium in time for the game . also in

1 fiji water ran ad stating , " the label says fiji because it's not bottled in cleveland " . cleveland water dept responded by running tests comparing a bottle of	coming from cleveland , let's not forget that our river caught on fire ... twice

1 napoleon bonaparte's favorite lieutenant , marshal michel ney , was granted permission at his execution to order the firing squad to fire . ney told his men , " wait	i hope they kept and memorialized his balls--they're probably too large to move from the site .
2 if you read the rest of the article , it was likely faked and he escaped to america .	how is this not a movie ?
3 because internet users like us found it , and it's up to us to make said movie . i'm a jew so i can produce and direct . what's up	sure . who do you have planned for the cast ? we could probably hammer out a framework for the script right here .

1 the first emergency chocolate ration bar commissioned by the us army was the d ration bar . the army approached hersheys chocolate in 1937 with 4 requirements : the bar	well no wonder they went with hershey . hershey chocolate tastes like donkey anus compared to any decent chocolate maker . iirc it has something to do with an old
2 hersheys has a method to use spoiled milk ( basically ) so it gives their chocolate a sour moldy ass flavor .	i've heard diffferent reasons i just don't care to actually look it up . compared to any decent chocolate company hershey is straight rectal cancer .

1 please check out the show " archer " it's at a 0.79 mil viewers right now , which could possibly mean cancellation , 100 % recommend it and it is	it really doesn't help watching else unless you're a nielsen house .
2 what about if you watch through a legal online service or cable on demand . they can track that , though i don't know if they do .	if course they do .

1 actor james cromwel was vegetarian and actually switched to an even stricter ( vegan ) diet when he played " farmer hoggett " in the movie babe ( 1995 )	don't scare me like that . you said " was " and i thought he died ...

1 crows are monogamous and raise families together . offspring from previous seasons even remain with the family to help rear new nestlings .	screw humans . i'm marrying crow .

1 : the world record for alcohol consumption is by andre the giant , who drank 156 beers in one sitting ( over 73 litres / 16 gallons ) .	pssht ... what a lightweight .

1 bill watterson ( creator of calvin and hobbes ) refused to merchandise his creations on the grounds that it would devalue the characters and their personalities	i respect him so highly for this . i still have yet to collect all the calvin and hobbes books , i have about 10 i think .
2 in 2005 i bought a three volume hardcopy boxed set called " the complete calvin & hobbes " , which includes every strip . it is beautiful . amazon doesn't	its a beautiful collection . my daughter used to love reading my c & h books that were sitting around . i bought this collection for her for her 11th

1 josip broz tito fed up with stalin sending assassins wrote openly , " stop sending people to kill me . we've already captured five of them , one of them	broz before hos .
2 titos or gtfo .	josippin ' on gin and juice .

1 some cuban cigar factories employed a " lector " who would read newspapers , political treatises and classical literature aloud to help break the monotony of the cigar-rollers ' work	this is a beautiful idea that should be encouraged elsewhere - what is life without lively dialog ?

1 jerry seinfeld met his wife while she was engaged to another man . she married the other guy in june 1998 , went on a three week honeymoon , came	in her defense , it does sound like the guy she left was a pretty big slab dick ...

1 the apollo program created three hundred and fifty two thousand jobs .	that's an astronomical amount of jobs .

1 prairie dogs have a developed language for describing predators , and can describe a human , including that it is a human , its speed , and the colour of	i heard about this in the [ radio lab episode wild talk ] ( http://www.radiolab.org/blogs/radiolab-blog/2010/oct/18/wild-talk/ ) . fascinating stuff .

1 helen keller was a radical socialist . she observed that cases of blindness were more prevalent in lower classes , citing blindness from industrial accidents and contraction of syphilis via	i seriously thought this was a / r / circlejerk post or a / r / shittytodayilearned

1 mountain dew was created to be used as a mixer for whiskey and the name was slang for moonshine !	everyone knows mountain dew should be a chaser to doritos .

1 the mcdonald's in sedona , arizona is the only one in the world to have turquoise arches ; the city thought that gold would clash with the natural red rocks	i have family in sedona and i go there once a year , never noticed that before . sedona is real strict on the colors of your house too ,
2 no its not it sucks . been here for 31 years ... it is the better of southwestern states but its still hot as shit !	that is funny i am in az and it snowed last night

1 4 of the top 50 biggest " box office bombs " of all time are playing in theaters right now	i'll go ahead and say that 13th warrior and conan the barbarian are two of my favorite movies . the conan reboot was a lot more faithful the feel and
2 i usually never stop a movie halfway , but the conan reboot was too painful to finish . padme giving birth in star wars was bad , however giving birth	the character was born on the battlefield in the book as well .

1 lucille ball claimed she picked up radio signals on her dental work and reported it to authorities resulting in the bust of a japanese spy signal in la in 1942	if i fill my sink with water , i can hear the local ham radio operator in the bathroom

1 the creator of cowboy bebop was told to make a show to sell spaceship toys , with the instructions , " so long as there's a spaceship in it ,	then why are there only like 2 sets of toys ?

1 all of the five members of the un security council ( the united states , united kingdom , russia , france , and china ) are also in the top	if these countries didn't ' t have significant arms industries they wouldn't have made it on the unsc in the first place .

1 in some countries ( such as zimbabwe ) it is commonly believed that sex with an albinistic woman cures hiv . this has led to rapes and subsequent spread of	jesus tap-dancing christ

1 billionaire j . paul getty refused to pay $ 17m ransom for his kidnapped grandson . when the teenager's severed ear arrived , he agreed $ 3m but only paid	> getty was quoted as saying " a lasting relationship with a woman is only possible if you are a business failure " yikes . i'm a business failure and
2 i think he was just an asshole trying to justify why he can't keep a relationship together . plenty of billionaires are still married . bill gates has been married	ding ding ding ding ding

1 when yao ming played his first game in miami , the heat promoted the game by passing out 8,000 fortune cookies . yao wasn't offended because he had never seen	when i was a kid , a white kid gave me a fortune cookie and went " hey look , i eat chinese food too " . i just looked
2 would have been even better if you were korean or from laos or something . some of my asian friends get really upset when they are called chinese even though	like calling a dominican person mexican
3 is that actually a thing ? i live in europe so i don't really get a lot of interaction with americans . but do they really tend to call spanish	i'm half black and half swedish and i get called mexican sometimes .

1 japan has 67 flavors of fanta , including ' the mystery fruit ' , ' genius energy ' and ' hip hop ' flavor .	gotta try ' em all ! ! !

1 vin diesel began his acting career when he and his friends broke into a local theater with intent to vandalize . instead of calling the police on him , the	just wanted to plug [ b.dolan ' s song about vin diesel ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=asL-1aOhwSQ )

1 there's a man who ran nonstop for 135 miles in 120f degrees across death valley , a marathon in the south pole in - 40f and did 50 marathons in	he's a big advocate of coconut water for hydration . that stuff rocks , too bad it's a million dollars per bottle :(

1 on iron chef america the chefs have a 45 minute strategy session after the secret ingredient is revealed before they start cooking	on top of that , as i heard from the the chef at saffron in minneapolis who competed , they are given a few potentials for the secret ingredient .
2 sameh is that dude .	fuck , thank you . sat here for five minutes trying to think of his name .

1 there's a giant hole called the devil ’ s kettle that swallows half a river and no one has any idea where it goes . over the years , researchers	my head hurts with all the gps ideas posted . the signal can't penetrate rock , kids !
2 they would wait for it to get to the other side , adult .	reading the title isn't your strong suit , is it ?

1 there is a race of african people called the khoisan who are copper-skinned , have epicanthal folds ( like " asian " eyes ) , and have a high incidence	i guess it's just evolution that they're there , and look that way . apparently skin tones and racial features evolved with people's existence in different places , therefore our
2 i took 10th grade biology too .	well , perhaps most readers haven't .

1 when super famicom ( snes ) first launched in japan , nintendo had to ship the consoles in the middle of the night so the yakuza didn't hijack them	yeah , the yakuza don't work at nights .

1 the international space station is estimated to be the most expensive thing ever built ( $ 150 billion )	f - 35 cant forget the f - 35
2 estimated total program cost for the f - 35 is over a trillion dollars . [ source ] ( http://mobile.reuters.com/article/idUSBRE82S03L20120329?irpc=932 )	source ? edit : has been sourced . / thumbsup

1 if poison ivy is burned and the smoke then inhaled , this rash will appear on the lining of the lungs , causing extreme pain and possibly fatal respiratory difficulty	tl ;d r : don't smoke poison ivy

1 mary j . blige hit her own husband in the face and screamed , " what are you gonna do , chris brown me ? "	these two sentences seem to be conflicting ... as part of her efforts to halt domestic violence , blige opened the " mary j . blige center for women "
2 rules are different for guys , ask any hard core feminist .	or any father in family court

1 the sister city of boring , oregon is dull , scotland	why is this not on the front page ? this is literally the coolest thing i've seen all day . i'm also eagerly awaiting the new season of ' how

1 the dutch were the first to salute the american flag , and therefore the first to acknowledge the independence of , the united states on 16 november 1776 .	theyre great people doesnt surprise me .
2 well , us dutchies did do anything we could to annoy the brits in those days .	like take over their throne . anyone remember ? [ last successful invasion of britain ? ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glorious_Revolution ) anyone ? just me ? okay .

1 christopher mccandless ( into the wild ) could have saved his own life if he had known about the hand-operated tram that crossed the otherwise impassable river .	oopsie .

1 viggo mortensen's tattoos in eastern promises were so realistic that diners in a russian restaurant in london fell silent out of fear during production .	i haven't so much heard of this movie , let alone seen it . is it good ? should i add it to my netflix ? edit : thanks guys
2 it's definitely worth seeing . viggo is great , and it has one of the best fight scenes ever filmed .	watched it tonight , thanks for the recommendation

1 the howler monkey is the loudest animal on land ( 2nd loudest on earth ) . you can hear a howler monkey 3 miles away .	a pack of howler monkeys sounds like an orchestra tuning up , except it's a special kind of orchestra where all the instruments are chainsaws .

1 : the 2001 video game ghost recon takes place during a fictional 2008 russian invasion of georgia . in reality , russia would actually invade georgia that year .	welcome to tbilisi , gentlemen .

1 humans can theoretically survive on a diet entirely composed of nothing but potatoes and butter .	it's funny , the article shows a picture from washington state , and the state of maine . ( as a mainer , i am proud . ) but why

1 bill romanowski ripped off marcus williams ' helmet during a scrimmage and crushed his eye socket with a single punch , effectively ending williams ' career .	he also paralyzed a player , as well .

1 since the chernobyl disaster , the area inside the ' exclusion zone ' has become home to hundreds of wild animals such as deer , owls , boars , bears	life uhhh .. finds a way
2 shut up goldblum !	goldblumretriever.ytmnd.com/

1 the drug cabergoline allows men to easily achieve multiple orgasms by inhibiting the hormone prolactin	yes please . edit : maybe not , given side effects .

1 the guillotine was still the official method of execution in france until the death penalty was abolished ... in 1981 .	when you think about it it's actually a pretty effective way of executing people .
2 i'd take the blade before the chair any day .	it would at least give you the chance to say " my ancestors are smiling at me , imperial . can you say the same ? "
3 if that guy dragged out his last words like 12 seconds longer he would've lived .	highly unlikely , since he wasn't a dragonborn . i think the dragon would have just sat there and made a face . then , when the nord looks up

1 gene wilder refused to watch the 2005 remake of willy wonka because he didn't want to be disappointed in johnny depp	the only thing that truly disappointed me in this film was the lack of more than one midgets .

1 mary j . blige hit her own husband in the face and screamed , " what are you gonna do , chris brown me ? "	it gets even worse when you realize she is an anti domestic violence crusader . http://hiphop.popcrunch.com/mary-j-blige-domestic-violence-shelter-mary-j-blige-center-for-women/
2 | for women remember , to many feminist , women cannot commit domestic violence against men .	why is that a thing ? how is that a thing ? what kind of delusional world view must you have to call for equal rights and then assault someone
3 it's called feminism .	it is called stupid people . some women use feminism as a tool to get what they want , it is the gender equivalent of pulling the race card .

1 danny elfman , the musical composer for tim burton's the nightmare before christmas , was worried that the characterization of oogie boogie in the film would be deemed as racist	it seems like lately everything is racist . why can't people just grow up and move on ?

1 bruce lee could snatch a dime off a person's open palm before they could close it , and leave a penny behind	i can also do this . when i was a kid i loved kickboxer , anywho . van dam did this in a bar and i had to master it

1 during filming of " super mario bros . " bob haskins ( mario ) and john leguizamo ( luigi ) were so unhappy working on what they knew to be	what ... ? i loved this movie . ass holes . this was one of my child good favorites .

1 the first native american who met the pilgrims at plymouth colony walked into their encampment and greeted them in english .	man , that guy was so excited to get a chance to practice his english .
2 " sup fool "	http://imgur.com/M3PT2fn

1 : even with the bare minimum of driver training on its use , the british roundabout has been proven to be at least 20 % more efficient at moving traffic	they're brilliant if they're actually used . they're counterproductive if they're plopped down as marks of affluence in select upper-class american neighborhoods . as usual , the key is uniformity
2 i agree . what would help a lot is if they occasionally posted police there for an hour or so , maybe 2 or 3 times a week , and	in new jersey , the people entering the roundabout have the right away . i was so confused . idiots .

1 buzz aldrin once punched a moon landing conspiracy theorist in the face . the charges were dismissed , saying that he was provoked .	he wasnt charged because buzz punches like a little girl and siprel wasn't injured .
2 he didn't want to hurt the guy ; he just needed to make a point . also he was 73 so it's not likely he's got the strongest punch around	i was just pointing out that the title of the submission is wrong . he did want to hurt him ; he just couldn't .

1 mas oyama , a karate master , would fight live bulls with his bare-hands during his martial arts demonstrations . occasionally , he would kill them with a single blow	title should replace " fight " with " execute " for accuracy .

1 the writing staff of futurama held three ph . d . s , seven masters degrees , and cumulatively had more than 50 years at harvard	yet they still can't get me hooked

1 research on dare ( drug abuse resistance education ) has largely shown it to be ineffective , and in some cases it has increased the use of drugs at schools	graph of this post's karma , hot list position ( in r / all ) , and comment count : [ i.imgur.com/nurd9m2.png ] ( http://i.imgur.com/NUrd9m2.png ) this image may update

1 a man in nebraska is breeding red cows and sending them to israel in hopes of a pure red heifer being born there ; such an event will allegedly prompt	you can't make this shit up ... oh wait , you can !

1 there have been 31 recorded school shootings in the us so far this year . in comparison , there have been 24 recorded school shootings in the entire continent of	well interesting to note that of those 31 shootings , only 11 actually resulted in fatalities . i think this whole debate has to do with cultural differences rather than
2 saying ' only 11 of them resulted in deaths ' is the single most stupid , sociopathic and retarded thing i think i've ever read .	/ r / rapingwomen has a rape manifesto that should easily be more stupid , and more sociopath like .

1 more americans live in mexico city than wyoming .	wyoming is one of those states you forget exists . like vermont , or iowa

1 well that fucking explains it .	the cactus makes more sense and looks nicer than the random faces

1 women can reduce their risk of pre-eclampsia and miscarriages by frequently giving blow jobs , and the risk is lowered even further if they swallow . ( strictly scientific ,	i'm a scientist and i can confirm this . also , blowing a whale biologist can lead to better heart health and longer lifespan . * ladies * ...

1 when nancy grace was a prosecutor , she was reprimanded three times for misconduct , including " her disregard of the notions of due process and fairness "	i've never met her before but safe to say i hate her more than anyone else in the world .

1 beck wrote and composed all of the songs on his grammy award winning album of the year ' morning phase ' whilst also playing over 15 instruments and singling vocals	writing your own songs is worthy of a til
2 interesting how many people are now going to listen to the new album . not pointing fingers but this is just increased publicity over nothing big .	i had kind of drifted away from beck recently , and didn't even know he had a new album out until i saw the kanye stunt . i was blown

1 some kid got his soccer ball stuck in a castle's roof in 1540 ... and it stayed there until 1981 .	soccer ball ? .. they imported a soccer ball from america in the 16th century ?

1 christopher nolan's interstellar is the only film in the top 10 worldwide box office of 2014 to be wholly original--not a reboot , remake , sequel , or part of	hollywood is not the home of original ideas or originality .

1 russell crowe was targeted by al-qaeda for kidnapping as a plan to culturally destabilize america .	destroy america : kidnap the australian . ... or kiwi . i forget .

1 teddy roosevelt proposed universal healthcare in 1912	and its still a bad idea . if you really want to make it affordable , stop subsidizing it . same thing goes for colleges .
2 the healthcare we have in aus is amazing	australia is also a way smaller country , and richer per capita .
3 ah yes , [ tiny old australia ] ( http://www.sweetsweetlemonade.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/oz_superimposed_over_usa.jpg ) .	i think s / he means in population , not land mass .

1 actor james stewart was also a poet . once , while on the tonight show starring johnny carson , he read a poem called " beau " that he had	[ here is the video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mwGnCIdHQH0 )
2 if you youngins of reddit get a chance , check out the rest of that channel's stuff . carson was a comedy legend and his humor transcends time .	thanks .

1 during the 2008 world hops shortage , the samuel adams brewery sold 108 craft breweries their excess hops , at cost , to help prevent them from going under .	what a great thing to do , and for competitors nonetheless . hats off to you samuel adams , i'll be toasting in your honor !

1 since 1985 the saudi government has ordered the destruction of 95 % of mecca's historic buildings , most over a 1000 years old . it's estimated that there now fewer	are any of you getting it yet ? they aren't muslim states , they use religion for propaganda and control , but they're capitalist , which means nothing comes in
2 this right here , thank you , it seems like no one understands this . if you read about the saudi government and what they do it violates all of	except for that oil .

1 roger ebert had some reservations about chewbacca's depiction in the empire strikes back , asking " how can you be a space pilot and not be able to communicate in	its kind of asinine to assume no one understands him , especially considering han has fucking conversations with him .

1 the united states is the only country in the entire world that currently has minors serving life without parole .	to be fair , there are some kids who really do deserve it . there are kids who have done terrible inexcusable things . like there was that one kid
2 its like you have no idea what mental illness is .	an excuse

1 the guy who snagged windows2000.com happened to be named bob and microsoft just happened to own bob.com . they came to an agreement to trade one for the other .	" alright , guys . what can we give this guy for the domain ? " ... what about bob ?
2 keep sailing , bob .	is this corn hand shucked ?

1 there was an all girl band that would throw a ' golden condom ' to the audience , and whoever got it , male or female , was taken backstage	nsfw the music isn't really my style , but their [ performance ] ( https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?title=File%3A%22Breathe%22_by_Rockbitch.webm ) definitely piques my interest edit : added nsfw
2 i have a cd from them because i actually like the music . probably nobody will believe this , but it's true .	you're right , i don't believe that people still have cds

1 a swedish couple named their child " brfxxccxxmnpcccclllmmnprxvclmnckssqlbb 11116 " , pronounced as " albin " . the parents claimed it was " a pregnant , expressionistic development that they	fucking euro artsy farsy fags , that's something you name a disposable object like a dog or an iphone , not your fucking child .

1 the nfl is legally required to keep the browns , bengals and steelers in the same division regardless of future alignment plans	ravens to la confirmed
2 http://replygif.net/i/253.gif	[ counter-point to your argument ] ( http://27.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m22qkaAMJy1qk5ynno1_400.gif )
3 i'm trying to find the breakpoint in that gif . wow that's well done .	the guy with the canadian flag has a third hand punching in the air

1 : johnny knoxville comes from significant inbreeding .	y'know , if i had to guess one celebrity who was the product of inbreeding he would have been one of my top guesses .
2 right after i read that i sat back and thought , " yeah ... i could see that . "	my only thought was " well ... that explains a lot . "
3 you have the easiest username ever to remember	/ u / user

1 habeas corpus is a law because when the uk parliament voted on it in 1679 , they jokingly counted a fat guy as ten votes	maybe we should call it habeas corpulent .
2 how ' bout fatteus corpuscles ?	gregarious tentacles

1 decorated medal of honor winner audie murphy helped bring attention to ptsd after his own post-war experiences .	audie murphy was an awesome guy . reading the citation for the medal is just ridiculous . it seems like a real-life action movie , but he actually * lived
2 you know they also made the war movie about him called " [ to hell and back ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0048729/ ) " lead role of audie murphey played by ?	... you mean they made a movie after the book he wrote about himself then starred in the movie about the book that he wrote about himself ? you're crazy

1 asbestos in the united states has not been banned and is totally legal . when the environmental protection agency tried to ban it , supporters of the asbestos industry actually	there's nothing wrong with it . i work around it every so often , and other chemicals that are way , way , way more toxic and dangerous . everything
2 > proper protection . so do you expect school kids to wear the proper protection everyday when they go to their schools with insulating asbestos in the ceiling ? you	that's not how people get diseases from asbestos exposure . and , really , i think we can do better than the " will somebody please think of the children

1 harper lee's ' to kill a mockingbird ' was labelled " immoral " and banned in a virginia school . she wrote a letter determining school board member illiteracy as	top comment from last time this was posted : " to mock a schooling board " .
2 came here to say this . it's my most upvoted comment , ever . for good reason . also , just for the record , when i made the comment	but i was quoting something someone said ...
3 that was more for everyone else than you , sorry ! ( that or i was being super pedantic . )	hmmmm , yes , shallow and pedantic .

1 some senators complained ' mr . smith goes to washington ' made the senate ' look like a bunch of crooks . '	allow this [ gif ] ( http://i.imgur.com/JxrQi.gif ) to show you how much care i give to their opinions

1 a man who gave away his fortune to charity also donated a kidney to a stranger , noting that the chances of dying as a result of the procedure were	http://i.imgur.com/7XkUC.gif

1 ben stein said this about nixon : " he was a peacemaker . he was a lying , conniving , covering up peacemaker . he was not a lying ,	yeah he also denounced the theory of evolution ... how bright can he be ?
2 he's playing a role ( in real life ) to remain relevant . it's pretty smart actually . still makes him a terrible terrible human being though .	what makes you think he's a poe ?

1 10 % of blue angels pilots have died in service	and some of the pilots are marine pilots .
2 they * all * should be marines , given the traditional role of marines within the context of the navy . just my pentagon opinion .	you must really disapprove of the navy seals ' current roles , i would imagine .

1 washington state is the only state in the united states where assisted suicide , same-sex marriage , and cannabis use are all legal .	more freedom , and freedom = america , therefor they are more america than texas .
2 republic of cascadia , motherfuckas .	if cascadia became a thing , what would capitol be ? olympia is nice and centrally located and has the nicest government buildings . victoria is beautiful but on a
3 hard to reach island ? you take a boat , they run huge ferries all the time out of vancouver and seattle .	yeah , a few hour long ferry ride is a lot less convenient then you know ... driving .

1 : each year we drop 10,000 shipping containers in our seas .	drop them in the seas .. wink .

1 in japan , trains are so punctual that any delay over 5 minutes usually incurs an apology over the tanoy and a " delay certificate " for passengers on their	what's a " tanoy " ?

1 back when the nyc subway used tokens , people called " token suckers " would jam token slots with paper and suck out stuck tokens with their mouths . to	" hard times makes you do it , " he explained , adding : " anyways , i've kissed women that's worse . " http://www.nytimes.com/2003/04/08/nyregion/08TUNN.html

1 if finding nemo was real , when nemo's mum and siblings got eaten , nemo's dad would have developed female gonads and formed a breeding pair with nemo .	weirdest . boner . ever .

1 the yapese use large stone " coins " for money which can weigh up to 8,800 lbs . rather than move them , they usually just keep track of who	your mastery of tense leaves much to be desired

1 " finnegans wake " , a book by james joyce , is widely considered to be one of the most difficult works of fiction to read . readers and commentators	terence mckenna - surfing finnegan's wake http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vq9jmELA00U http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AqWrlU2t_8o

1 the first human cardiac catheterization was done by werner forssmann who , after failing to get permission from his department chief , anesthetized his arm , inserted a catheter into	bad ass motherfucker !

1 aubrey plaza's character in parks and rec ( april ludgate ) was written into the show only after the casting director met her and insisted she somehow be put in	i can't imagine the show without her .
2 agreed ! she is my favorite character , and i love the dynamic april and ron have going .	i think you mean duke silver .

1 as an undergrad at harvard , neil degrasse tyson rowed crew , lettered in wrestling , and could dance better than you .	neil degrasses tyson is the only man ever to win an olympic gold medal in both limbo * and * sex .

1 the us military has a secret , nearly silent type of velcro which reduces the ripping noise by over 95 %	in outer space does velco make noise ?

1 58 year old general ( retired ) stanley a . mcchrystal runs 7-8 miles a day , eats 1 meal a day , and sleeps just 4 hours a night	.. [ and he gossips like a 12yo schoolgirl ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stanley_A._McChrystal#Rolling_Stone_article_and_resignation )

1 " cake eater " is actual minnesotan slang for ' rich person from edina ' . all this time i thought jesse from the mighty ducks was just being creative	as someone from minnesota , i had no idea that " cake eater " was idiomatic to my state .

1 the sand cat can survive in temperatures ranging from − 5 ° c ( 23 ° f ) to 52 ° c ( 126 ° f ) and although they	there is something called a sand cat .

1 the united states of america is not actually a democracy , but a republic .	some people don't know this .

1 germany made its final payment of loans debts related to wwi reparations on october 3rd , 2010 .	no they didnt , they still owe money to everybody who agreed to wait with theire demands until a peace treaty is signed . greece was one of those countrys
2 found the greek .	actually im turkish , the historical enemy of the greeks

1 in 2000 , mexican inés ramírez performed a caesarean section on herself and survived along with her newborn son . she is believed to be the only woman to have	she was the only woman who achieved such a feat ? so how many men have performed their own c-sections ?

1 a defense lawyer ( who was also a congressman ) in a murder trial accidentally shot himself and died while reenacting the possibility of a victim accidentally shooting and killing	why would a person use a loaded gun ? and how is a loaded gun allowed in a court room ( unless it's the baliff type of person ) .
2 from the wiki : > as vallandigham conferred with fellow defense attorneys in his hotel room at the golden lamb , he showed them how he would demonstrate this to	unloaded guns kill more people than loaded ones , i think
3 unloaded guns kill more people per year than shark attacks do .	falling coconuts kill more people than shark attacks do ...

1 norman borlaug ( the father of the green revolution ) learned that he received the nobel peace prize while working in his wheat test plot in mexico ; he learned	http://img.pandawhale.com/38897-Christian-Bale-upvote-gif-jIu0.gif

1 susanna hoffs of the bangles sang the studio recording of “ eternal flame ” completely naked due to the producer pranking her by telling her olivia newton john had done	" strip like an egyptian "

1 vin diesel began his acting career when he and his friends broke into a local theater with intent to vandalize . instead of calling the police on him , the	jesus , he was seven . the lady could have offered him candy instead and he would have been on his way .

1 it is illegal to pump your own gas in oregon and new jersey . an attendant has to do it .	i moved to nj a few years ago and i'm still getting used to this . what's worse is that the attendants are always so slow .

1 most senior animators at disney chose to work on pocahontas rather than the lion king as many at disney had little faith in the project , leaving mostly first time	i thought pocahontas was actually a really boring movie . the animations may be great , but everything else in the lion king was far better .

1 tabasco sauce takes up to 3 years to make due to the fermentation process	submitted this a year ago when this fact was posted then : http://i.imgur.com/Fk5eO.jpg
2 it'd be better if i could figure out how to pronounce it without feeling retarded ...	i think the common pronunciation is see-rah-chah .

1 it took 10 episodes for producers to realize the mighty morphing power rangers colors might be considered racist	relevant : [ zordon is racist - college humor . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mJgC9LEBTuQ )

1 prostitution was widely legal in the united states up until the early 1900 ' s , when the woman's christian temperance union lobbied against it . this was the same	pretty much everything was legal until then . pot and coke and all that . the country was a libertarian's wet dream
2 [ the good stuff ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ozSfR.jpg )	good lord

1 marie curie's papers from 1890 ' s are considered too dangerous to handle because of their levels of radioactivity . even her cookbook is highly radioactive .	this is like the 4th time this has been posted here . still cool though

1 wwii japan killed 4 million more people than the nazis , practiced mengele-like human experimentation , cannibalized and tortured pows , and forced women into military sex slavery .	http://m.imdb.com/title/tt1410063/ [ trailer ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5w9B7AidyaU ) christian bale stars in a new movie about this stuff . flowers of war .
2 starringu kurishutonn beeiiiru	don't expect ever to hear that .

1 the first animal to ask an existential question was from a parrot named alex . he asked what color he was , and learned that it was " grey "	> his usage of pronouns was very conservative , however . in one incident , he referred to a transitioning mtf woman as " he " , sparking an outrage
2 it was added today , pretty sure it's fake ...	yeah , the source is kind of bs .

1 woo bum-kon , a south korea police officer who carried out the largest known incident of spree killing in modern history with 57 killed and 35 injured , went on	makes sense to me . when you're fed up and frustrated with everything it doesn't take much to set you off .

1 shooting on " no country for old men " had to be shut down because of the smoke clouds drifting over from the nearby set of " there will be	i drink your milkshake !
2 alright . what we circulate ? lookin ' for a man who has recently drunk milk ?	aww , now that's just aggravating . it's still sweating

1 oskar schindler , who saved over 1100 jews in wwii by employing them , spent all his fortune on bribes and black market purchases for his workers . after the	i don't think he was in the business of saving jews for the money ...

1 the concept for the spider-man villain , venom , was a fan based idea that marvel bought for a little more then $ 200 .	http://imgur.com/mIsox here's my copy of secret wars # 8 ( first appearance of the symbiote ) . the smudge on the left is from where i removed the price sticker

1 singapore has the world's highest percentage of millionaires , with one out of every six households having at least $ 1,000 , 000 us dollars in disposable wealth .	the principality of monaco doesn't beat them ? ! really ? !

1 prostitution was widely legal in the united states up until the early 1900 ' s , when the woman's christian temperance union lobbied against it . this was the same	http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prostitution_among_animals

1 the t . v . show futurama is the current most critically acclaimed animated series	futurama will make you laugh , cry and think . the show transcends genres and does it well .
2 i cried at the end of the show about fry's dog , so sad : ~ (	there is one movie that completes that story . i wont ruin it for you , but anyone who has seen that episode needs to watch the movie that follows
3 what is the movie called , homie ?	its bender's big score

1 north american beavers cannot breed with european beavers , and that the result of more than 27 attempts was a single stillborn kit .	> north american beavers have 40 chromosomes , while european beavers have 48 that'll make reproducing a bit tricky .
2 european beavers : http://imgur.com/sthF2Km	is that scott bakula ?
3 no , it's sam beckett	the playwright ?

1 john hughes wrote ferris bueller's day off in less than a week and went on to shoot the film on what was essentially his first draft of the script .	john huges directed so many great movies .

1 up until 1978 , the mormon church taught that blacks were once an evil race of jews who were colored by god for their wickedness .	as an ex-mormon , it warms the cockles of my heart to see that so many people outside the mormon church realize what a pile of bullshit it is

1 the writing staff of futurama held three ph . d . s , seven masters degrees , and cumulatively had more than 50 years at harvard	i knew someone who wrote for futurama . her dad was al gore .
2 i'm sure her dad still is al gore	he's now joe biden . don't you know anything about politics ?

1 after professional golfer ben hogan threw himself across his car to cover his wife during a head-on collision with a bus , the doctors told him he might never walk	" after regaining his strength by extensive walking , he resumed golf activities in november 1949 . he returned to the pga tour to start the 1950 season , at
2 hey dingus where does that say us open , learn to read before you start shit posting you ignorant dick .	are you retarded ? lmao typical idiot op
3 you are a special type of stupid .	i prefer bleach .

1 oral sex was illegal in canada ... until 1969 .	what number are we thinking ? http://i.imgur.com/hNr8w.jpg
2 sixty nine dudes !	that's numberwang !

1 bruce lee could snatch a dime off a person's open palm before they could close it , and leave a penny behind	and that's actually the least impressive of the feats listed there .
2 while i love bruce lee , i have always had doubts in more than few of these feats he supposedly did . 50 one arm chin ups ? i would	his muscle fibers are a genetic abnormality though . the biopsy after he died showed some pretty crazy results . although not all of those facts are true , he

1 when manfred von richtofen ( the red baron ) was shot down and killed in 1918 , the british army gave him a full military funeral , complete with clergy	lame that they had to shoot him from the ground ... pussies

1 in 2005 , the dea reported seizing $ 477 million worth of drugs , whereas the estimated value of drugs sold within and into the us is $ 64 billion	that's why mr . walter white went into the business

1 during the iran hostage crisis , american embassy staff tried to burn classified documents but the furnace malfunctioned , forcing them to use cheap paper shredders . after the takeover	" the furnace malfunctioned " . it's hard for fire to malfunction . just start one . you know . in the cold , empty furnace .
2 i'm sure the furnace was designed to operate at high temperatures requiring ventalation and some mechanism of clearing the ash as it accumulates . if either of these fuck up	that , or blowing air through the fuel to speed up the burnrate .

1 there's a man who ran nonstop for 135 miles in 120f degrees across death valley , a marathon in the south pole in - 40f and did 50 marathons in	dean said that during his run across death valley , after the third day he opened his eyes and he was still running ... he had been sleep running ,
2 if you get his dvd it comes with a fan-made music video about him in the bonus features called [ bad ass dean ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGhG92ju11Y ) ... just watch	that video was ... well i'm at a loss for words really .

1 apple used ' carl sagan ' as a codename for a computer in the 1990s . carl sagan sent apple a cease-and-desist letter , and apple changed the name to	apple used to be a eccentric oddball full of nerds . funny how it grew up to become probably what 1990s apple hated most about corporations
2 what was that saying ? " either you die young , or live long enough to see yourself being the bad guy "	you either die a hero , or you live long enough to see yourself become the villain . - michael scott

1 adult luna moths develop without a mouth , their only purpose is to mate within their 7 - day lifespan . after which they die of starvation .	that moment when you haven't been on reddit for 8 days and you get on the front page of til ...

1 coca-cola thinks " no consumer could reasonably be misled into thinking vitaminwater was a healthy beverage "	i've seen people guzzle this stuff down in bulk when they are sick thinking it's ' healthy water ' . when it's been pointed out that it's basically just coolaid
2 what the fuck . seriously you know some uneducated people will see this and get it because then they don't need a flu shot . or at least the ad	which is where survival of the fittest comes into play .
3 except there are plenty or dumb people breeding and producing offspring , which is a measure of fitness .	society has removed a lot of selective pressures against ( dumb ) people , though .

1 in order to conceal the location of genghis khan's grave , the slaves who buried him were killed , and the soldiers who killed the slaves were themselves killed .	writing this into my will

1 the u . s . and russian military use depleted uranium bullets that can pierce vehicle armor ; once the bullet pierces the armor , it gets sharper and automatically	they're not bullets in the normal sense , your average grunt won't be popping tanks open with his rifle any time soon . they're used in rotary cannons and the
2 yeah not exactly but the us used to use it in hand held weaponry : > du was used during the mid - 1990s in the u . s .	mines are also for taking out vehicles and heavy armor you know ...

1 in 1988 , actor gary busey was in a severe motorcycle accident . busey , not wearing a helmet , was in a coma for 33 days . in 2008	wasnt he " eerie and bizarre " before the accident though ?

1 after the capture of a serial killer of children , a police officer found his own daughter tied and gagged in the back of the killer's van .	he wouldn't be alive if that was my daughter , props to the officer for not losing his sanity on this guy
2 this is one of those rare instances where i'm okay with some policy brutality ... > the policeman who discovered the child in the back of the van , tied	i'm sure the jury would have looked past his repeated slipping and falling bashing his face into the curb for this one .
3 i know i would .	he was just so clumsy you guys .

1 in 2002 , while returning to the us , the uss john c . stennis aircraft carrier stopped in australia , where the sailors wore out the local sex workers	i see the navy is keeping up its fine tradition of enriching local economies .
2 and gene pools , i bet .	the us military abroad has created a few of our soccer's national team players by going to other countries and screwing their women .

1 the only player in nfl history to score a touchdown against every team is terrell owens .	i'm just gonna go ahead and say the three greatest receivers in nfl history all played at least one season for the 49 ' ers .
2 i'm just gonna go ahead and say two of the three greatest receivers in nfl history played for the seahawks .	it was indeed largent's td record that rice broke .

1 john cena has granted over 250 make-a-wish foundation wishes , the most of any person in history .	wrestling in a mainstream subreddit ... must not nerd out ... must not babble about current storylines ... must not " yes ! yes ! yes ! " or make
2 it's been a long time since i was caught up and following all the current stuff . i think the last big event i saw was unforgiven when shane mcmahon	wait . if i recall correctly , kane slipped away and shane just went down on the floor . wasn't that how it happened ? in that kane / linda
3 you are correct . shit , that was 9 years ago . memory's a little foggy .	wow , 9 years ago ? i was 12 at the time .

1 the crazy horse memorial when completed will be 641 feet wide , 563 feet high , and its head will be 87 feet high . the heads on mount rushmore	will never be finished .

1 after it was found a black girl was fabricating a gang rape allegation , al sharpton accused the prosecutor of being a racist , and stated the prosecutor was one	itt : racists using legitimate sharpton disgust as a cover for being overtly racist

1 andorra declared war on germany during ww1 , but didn't send any soldiers because they didn't have an army . at the treaty of versailles , andorra was forgotten and	there is a tiny country named andorra that sits between spain and france .
2 it's a principality between france and spain . the people there are dirty .	http://i.imgur.com/4tbs1lo.gif

1 after hurricane ike in 2008 , comcast customers were billed for unreturned equipment that had been destroyed by the hurricane . customers were charged as much as $ 1000 for	did you really learn it if it's something you could've guessed happen ?

1 pope john paul ii declared the theory of evolution as factual	i went to catholic schools for 12 years of my life , with four of them being at a jesuit institution . one of the books we were required to
2 > am i honestly expected to believe that every mass the wafers and wine miraculously become the body and blood of jesus ? maybe it's symbolical ...	don't talk crazy man

1 during the siege of leningrad in wwii , extreme famine led to cannibalistic gangs of russian civilians that devoured defenseless people . cannibalism became so prominent that a special division	people will eat other people to survive . no shit ?
2 you're surviving right now . you're not eating people .	we * assume * he's not eating people .

1 in addition to saving a passenger train of people at the expense of his own life , earlier in his career casey jones saved the life of a young girl	best cornbread in the world is made at casey jones village . that is all .

1 missy elliot qualified as a genius through an iq test as a child , skipped two grades of school , only to deliberately fail afterwards so she could return to	funny story about her : some family friends of ours rented out a house to her in dallas , apparently she was doing some recordings there and need a place
2 bro go to 39seconds of attached video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GqlYCs_5Ap0 this the gaffe or is this her water-bandit signature move	i've never been in the house , but if that house is located in dallas , tx ... thats it

1 in ancient sparta boys were punished for not answering questions briefly and wittily enough	punished with a dick in their ass .

1 : an individual horse has a peak power output of 14.9 horsepower	my whole life has been a lie ..

1 tennille , of the captain and tennille , divorced the captain after 39 years of marriage and a very successful career because he became ill with parkinson's , and could	this seems to be a medicare issue . she is protecting half of their assets so they can deplete his half and receive medicare coverage for his therapies .

1 winston churchill claimed to have been visited by the ghost of abraham lincoln while taking a bath in the white house .	well , i guess ( • _ • ) ( • _ • ) > ⌐ ■ - ■ ( ⌐ ■ _ ■ ) it scared him shitless
2 what ?	we all poop when we bathe . right guys ... right ?

1 george lucas gave mel brooks his blessing to make spaceballs on the condition that no action figures be made , as they could be confused with actual star wars toys	i wonder if this gave rise to the merchandizing scene ?

1 the original idea for the episode , jurassic bark , was to have fry's mother fossilized instead of seymour , but this idea was scrapped after it was thought to	that episode and the one about fry's brother still give me goosebumps just thinking about them .
2 all the ones about fry's family is really depressing and somewhat happy at the same time .	his family is portrayed as both completely disinterested in him and missing him a lot at once .

1 after reading the script to schindler's list , composer john williams said to spielberg " you need a better composer " to which spielberg replied " i know , but	couldn't be more true . just thankful hans zimmer had no chance of scoring " schindler's list . "

1 in 2011 paraguay made it to the copa america final without winning a single game , tying all 5 .	pissed about that semifinal

1 in 1874 , a hunter killed an attacking apache warrior from 1,538 yards away using a rifle without a scope .	" and mrs . bill olds accidentally shot her husband in the head as she handed a reloaded rifle up to him " suuure

1 when you sign up for the cvs rewards program you are agreeing to wave your hipaa rights , and cvs can then disclose your medical information to others	you don't have to sign up to get the discount . if checking out with a cashier , ask her to apply the ' courtesy card ' - and if
2 you can also get those cards without giving your personal information . when they ask me if i want one i always say , ' yes , if i don't	i always fill it out as : first name : x last name : x email : x@x.com ( sorry paypal ... ) phone : 671-123-4567 dob : 1/1 /

1 patrick stewart watched galaxy quest in a full theatre on a saturday night , and laughed louder than anyone there	patrick stewart drinks from a straw . til patrick stewart goes to work in a car . til patrick stewart does his taxes by hand . til patrick stewart .
2 it's too late , i've seen it all .	but did you know steve buscemi volunteered at a fire department on 9/11 ? ! ?
3 # #shotsfired	\ #bigtextvalidatesmyshittypost = = =

1 , prior to world war i , sharpshooter annie oakley was touring europe . by his request , she knocked the ash from a cigarette being held by german emperor	she was not a sharpshooter , but my grandmother , as a child , witnessed a burning in effigy of kaiser wilhelm .
2 wow ! til ! thanks reddit ! ! !	that'll teach me for sharing with you . she lived to be 99 and i was always fascinated by her connection to times so long ago . she was one

1 heriberto lazcano lazcano , the leader of the loz zetas cartel , the second largest and often considered the most dangerous drug cartel in mexico , started out an elite	why would you not fear him ? his last name could be short for * * * lazer-cannon * * * .
2 * twice * .	the english translation of his name is actually herbert * pew-pew . *

1 the largest claymore sword on record measured 7 feet 6 inches ( 2.24 m ) and weighed 23 pounds ( 10 kg ) . it was wielded by a 15th	there can be only one !

1 the imam of the " ground zero mosque " has a bs in nuclear engineering from columbia and a master's in plasma physics	so ... he's a terrorist ?

1 the first canadian man put on trial for homosexuality was given a choice between the death penalty or becoming the permanent executioner . he chose to become the executioner .	this occured long before canada became a bonafide country in 1867 . the trial was conducted under the jurisdiction of french law , as quebec was then known as new
2 canada became a bonafide country in 1982 .	as it is known now .
3 as is tradition	it is known

1 what al-qaida's strategy for 2001-2020 is	lucky , i wish we had a strategy .

1 badgers will sometimes hunt cooperatively with coyotes	honey badgers don't care .
2 honey badgers don't give a shet .	this is the internet , not a daycare , you're allowed to swear .

1 ( monty python member ) graham chapman's last words were " sorry for saying fuck "	damn , i miss that guy ! i would kill for a full monty python reunion tour of some sort .

1 after jfk was assassinated , there was a brief scuffle between local and federal authorities when the president's security detail wasn't allowed to remove his body from the hospital .	> by texas law , the president's body could not legally be removed from the hospital before an autopsy had been performed . this caused a brief scuffle between dallas
2 why didn't they want the autopsy done on a warm corpse ? makes no sense ...	most likely they wanted the autopsy performed by someone who would not potentially make the results public by mistake or negligence . if they let some local doctor perform it

1 assassin's creed iv black flag has attracted criticism from peta for it's whaling mechanic . in response ubisoft stated that they did not condone " illegal whaling " any more	you know someone is full to the brim with shit when their problem with a game where the goal is killing people and stealing is that you shouldn't kill whales
2 also , it's probably hard for the average gamer to buy a whaling vessel , crew and equipment . whaling isn't really a pick up and play past time .	and that's the way it should be . i don't want no filthy casuals ruining my whaling fun .
3 remember back in vanilla whaling when you had to carve your spearheads out of jade ? those were the days ...	jade ? man , sounds like you got here after the beta . we used bones and tusks to carve our spears .

1 blowjobs are illegal in malaysia and is punishable with imprisonment of 20 years maximum and whipping .	i'm a malaysian and i like blowjobs .
2 i'm not and i do too .	wow ... we have alot in common . we should hang out sometime .

1 there is a device that can permanently replace the function of your heart . side effect - you have no pulse .	izzie ! don't cut the lvad wire !
2 thank you . came here to see if anyone would admit to having watched that show .	afyail a few years ago , i learned about the lvad .

1 the catholic church did not persecute copernicus and instead the pope was so pleased with the theory he gave a gift	submission titles can not be edited

1 hunter s . thompson appeared outside jack nicholson's home on the night of nicholson's birthday . he set off a high-powered spotlight and gunfire and played a tape of animal	jack nicholson picks up the dripping elk heart - " haha , that hunter . what a kidder . "

1 america's main beers ( budweiser , coors , etc ) are light and relatively flavorless due to wwii making them rely on cheaper ingredients	i was under the impression that wwii ended about 70 years ago . perhaps a better explanation would be that americans * like * light " drinkable " beer .

1 a grizzly bear's bite is estimated to be strong enough to crush a bowling ball	or ... naw .

1 of the 270 moon rocks the us gifted to the world , 180 are currently unaccounted for .	that's because some nasa intern and his girlfriend are banging on them back at his place

1 edge of tomorrow , adapted from all you need is kill by hiroshi sakurazaka , who was inspired from his experience from playing video games ; when getting stuck on	its a good thing this bit of information wasn't presented to tom cruise . i feel like he is one of those guys that doesn't like video games ...

1 mark wahlberg had committed 20-25 offenses by the age of 21 . these included throwing rocks at a bus full of black schoolchildren and knocking a vietnamese man unconscious and	that's bad , but his most heinous crime was starring in the happening
2 i have literally never met someone who enjoyed this movie . ^ ^ i ^ ^ thought ^ ^ it ^ ^ was ^ ^ pretty ^ ^ good ^	m . night isn't that bad of a director . if only he didn't have the overwhelming urge to put a twist in all his movies ...

1 speedy gonzales was fully removed from cartoon network due to racial stereotypes until fans--including large hispanic organizations--demanded he return	speedy wasn't the racist one , it was all the other mice who were portrayed like " lazy mexicans " that were the problem . he was the * only

1 to be a london black cab driver , one is expected to know over 25,000 roads and 50,000 points of interest and pass a test called " the knowledge "	american here : is black describing the cab or the driver ?
2 the cab . a black cab is equivalent to a yellow cab in ny , i suppose . you can flag it down as and where you see one .	ah , ok . gotcha , thanks =)

1 shaq holds an mba and ed . d . " someday i might have to put down a basketball and have a regular 9 - to - 5 like everybody	last time i checked it was 8-6 ,

1 it is an offence to say that the golden color of the german flag as " yellow " .	i've learned more useless trivia ( that i can never use in real life ) about my own country in less than a month on reddit than 24 years living
2 i know it's gold , but you can say yellow . i have never ever heard anyone being offended by calling it yellow . this is the first time in	[ northern ireland here ] ( http://cdn.static-economist.com/sites/default/files/images/print-edition/20130112_BRP001_0.jpg ) , we can't agree about [ flegs ] ( http://cdn1.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/incoming/article29597460.ece/ALTERNATES/w620/19114JPG.jpg ) edit - flegs . cheers deanisprolol , we can't even agree
3 i dont get it ...	snorlz is all over .

1 google intends to scan all known existing 130 million unique books by the end of the decade .	" we are not scanning all those books to be read by people , we are scanning them to be read by an ai . " - unidentified google engineer

1 google misses out on an estimated $ 110 million a year from searches that bypass advertising by clicking the " i'm feeling lucky " button .	additionally , the make billions on the people who don't use the " i'm feeling lucky " button .

1 the man with the deepest voice can hum 8 octaves below the lowest g on the piano ; so low that humans can't hear it .	his name should be deep throat
2 how about tay zonday ?	that's just nonsense .

1 bill maher has said that selling marijuana allowed him to make enough money to get through cornell and enter comedy .	everybody , i mean * everybody * , sold pot at cornell in 1976 .

1 an australian comedian subjected himself to devotional crucifixion in the philippines where he had nails driven through his hands and feet and hung on the cross for five minutes before	he also took part in an exorcism ... creepy stuff ...

1 a man from colorado armored a bulldozer with steel and concrete , went on a rampage and destroyed 13 buildings , while also being completely explosive and bullet resistant .	all hail killdozer !

1 reporters without borders considers the uk an " enemy of the internet "	londoner here . not surprised at all ! i'm more surprised everybody in uk seems just fine with how things are . i thought i was too much of a
2 gonna get even worse when the tories scrap the human rights act .	scrapping one to create another . not scrapping it all together
3 they say they are going to introduce another . it's just as likely their plan is to scrap the human rights act , go " oops we forgot to write	i'm continually surprised that people genuinely think like this . do you live inside a fictional dystopian novel ?

1 the average 70 - year-old inuit with a traditional diet of whale and seal has arteries as elastic as those of a 20 - year-old danish resident .	people just read wikipedia for one single line of information , but don't read the context , and don't bother to click the reference to find out that it doesn't
2 people love pseudoscience . the term " studies show " is pretty much enough to convince most people , even though they don't bother to check if the " studies	source ?
3 studies	top . men .

1 us marine jack lucas survived and earned the medal of honor by pulling two live grenades under his body during iwo jima . later , he joined the airborne and	i used to binge read medal of honor citations . most were given posthumously to guys who fell on live grenades . how the fuck did this guy survive to
2 he pushed them down into the mud some , that probably absorbed a lot of the energy ...	damn ... the definition of courage : i ain't goin ' out like that , i'm goin ' out * like this * .
3 italicized ?	in this case i might go with * gangsta lean * .

1 british tanks come with tea-making supplies on board	i'd be more surprised if they didn't come with tea making facilities .

1 howard hughes bought an entire casino just so he could tear down their neon sign . visible from hughes ' bedroom , it apparently had kept him up at night	he was a fascinating guy .

1 in 1958 a cessna was flown continually for over two months , refueled via truck matching its speed on a desert highway	the question is , who was he running away from ?

1 when the arctic monkeys started their band , none of them could play instruments	so many great bands started out that way . most of them punk or punk influenced haha . but plenty more who weren't
2 off the top of the head sex pistols the ramones the damned talking heads	i should start a band .

1 roald dahl , being a good friend of ian fleming , wrote the script for the james bond film " you only live twice "	nice poster . i feel like if i got it however i would be forever judged ...

1 both key & peele were cast against each other , in what was supposed to be the only black cast member spot available . but both ended up getting the	it was only when i started watching key and peele that i learned keegan michael key was black . i had known him as the second host of planets funniest

1 when frank zappa filled out his son dweezil's birth certificate , he put up " musician " for father's religion .	religion : " musician " * pure zappa gold *

1 the fiddle and the violin are the exact same instrument . the style in which you play it determines what you call it .	as a violin player , it would always drive me crazy when people said " oh you play the fiddle . "

1 netflix created house of cards by noticing that viewers liked kevin spacey and david fincher movies .	yes . kevin spacey is awesome . i'm currently halfway through the season and i believe he's a big part of the show's appeal .

1 the song " stayin ' alive " by the bee gees was used in a study to train medical professionals to provide the correct number of chest compressions per minute	new cpr guidelines tell you to pretty much go as fast as you can . i like to listen to happy hardcore while saving lives .

1 steven spielberg has officially been working with mark protosevich ( wrote the story for thor , wrote the screenplay for i am legend ) on the next installment of the	hey nice ! it's been about 18 years so far since the only jurassic park movie was made . it'll be nice to finally have a sequel !

1 as recently as 2010 , there was a member of the united states senate who was , at one time , a member of the kkk . he had also	i think they should make a new word so we can refer to the " n " word without hinting at such an offensive word that literally invokes hundreds of

1 4chan tracked down the identity of a cat abuser after the 14 y / o uploaded a video on youtube resulting in his arrest	i mean ... anon may have a seething core of burning hate , but they like them some damn cats .

1 willie nelson lives in self-sustaining community on maui with neighbors like kris kristofferson , woody harrelson , and owen wilson .	i have been fortunate enough to get to take a helicopter tour of the area of maui where kris kristofferson lives in hana , and while hana does have a
2 " ( which spends far less than half a year at ) " . this . guaranteed . he would never risk losing his texas residency status , because texas	texas has no state income tax ? ? huh til
3 neither does tn or fl	you live near chattanooga ?

1 : even with the bare minimum of driver training on its use , the british roundabout has been proven to be at least 20 % more efficient at moving traffic	i always thought they were stupid ... and confusing ... until my girlfriend pointed out that we never really have to stop very long at them and nobody gets confused
2 despite knowing this , i despise them because they give me the sensation of an impending crash .	then you dont know how they work

1 when the world cup was hosted in the united states in 1994 , they only spent $ 30 million on infrastructure improvements . for the 2014 world cup , brazil	and the 1994 world cup hosted in the us had the highest attendance and viewership in world cup history , oh and it was also the most profitable world cup

1 riddles are a derivative of poetry and were used to teach wit , which was regarded as the ability to think while maintaining multiple perspectives on the topic .	riddle me this , timeslinger : when is a door , not a door ?

1 female hyenas have no vaginal opening , and give birth through the clitoris , which * ruptures * as a natural part of the process .	so , how do they mate without a vaginal opening ?
2 their clitoris is basically a larger version of the male's penis , and i guess the male inserts his penis into the female's ... uhhh ... dickhole .	effectively , they're [ docking . ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=docking&r=f )
3 * here's the urban dictionary definition of * [ * * * docking * * * ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=docking ) : - - - > the act of placing the	this is the creepiest bot ...

1 neil degrasse tyson will be hosting an updated version of the cosmos on fox in 2013 .	youdontsay.jpg slowpoke.jpg

1 the pilot episode of lost was so expensive ( ~ $ 14million ) that the network president was fired for greenlighting it .	that's one reason why pilots are usually so bad compared to the actual show : low production values .
2 they also end up being pretty cheesy because of the need to introduce every character and showcase what types of situations they'll be in . it's cringeworthy and feels unnatural	interestingly , this is exactly why house of card was produced without a pilot . but netflix was literally the only network willing to put money behind the project without
3 game of thrones didn't have one either , and see how that worked out :)	yes it did . they had two pilots . one was completely rewritten / shot . they talk about it on in the writer's room

1 during passover , coca-cola sells coke with sugar instead of corn syrup in areas with a substantial jewish population because corn syrup isn't kosher .	i'm not jewish but the kosher coke with the yellow caps does taste noticeably better and doesn't have that syrupy after taste .

1 the canadian ice hockey team were so dominant that they did not participate in the knock-out tournament of the 1930 world championships . they were put straight into the gold	even today the canadian hockey teams like olympics and juniors are still dominant . in the nhl , many of the top teams in the us are full of canadian
2 55 % ( at least i think that's the stat , if not it's close ) of the players in the nhl are canadian .	thats pretty amazing considering the other 45 % are made up of players from around the world .

1 oral sex was illegal in canada ... until it was legalized in 1969 .	canada used to be such a cool , progressive country ...

1 - cr7 does not drink alcohol as his father died from an alcohol related liver condition .	am i the only one who gets annoyed hearing him referred to as " cr7 " ?
2 what does cr7 even supposed to mean ?	* * c * * ristiano * * r * * onaldo * * 7 * * ( his kit number on the national team )

1 performing the eucharist with anything but wheaten bread is considered invalid , and transubstantiation won't occur .	you could shorten it to just the last three words

1 wasabi has been researched as a fire alarm for the deaf . when tested , the subject woke up within 10 seconds of the vapor being sprayed in his room	" what the fuck is that smell , and why is it so god damn hot "

1 a woman named chante mallard hit a homeless man with her car , sending him through her windshield . she drove home , parked her car in her garage &	i cannot grasp how someone can be so unfathomably cruel and so painstakingly dumb at the exact same time
2 shes black	what does that have to do with anything

1 wal-mart once pulled midge , a doll in the barbie line , from the shelves due to concerns she was pregnant with no wedding ring and it would promote teen	like a lot of pregnant women , midge just took her rings off because her fingers and feet got swollen .
2 ah this is what i was thinking as well . i remember hearing that women often remove their rings during later stages of pregnancy due to swelling , wasn't sure	i'm 9 months postpartum , have lost all but 5 pounds of the weight i gained , and i still can't get my fucking ring back on . i think
3 my mom's did . her feet too . ( she reminds me of this whenever i buy shoes ... )	midge had crazy normal feet compared to barbie strangely

1 the marquis de sade wrote what he called ' the most impure tale that has ever been written since the world exists . ' it was lost in the french	the 1955 planned destruction is unsourced and most likley bullshit : the book had already been published twice in 1904 and in the 1930s .

1 according to the bible , david was offered the king's daughter if he came back with 100 foreskins of slain enemies . he came back with 200 .	got to snip a lot of dick to get the girl .

1 suzanne collins , author of the hunger games , was a writer on clarissa explains it all	this explains everything .

1 matt groening often creates characters whose middle name starts with j as a tribute to animated characters such as bullwinkle j . moose and roacket j . squirrel . there	my cat . http://www.flickr.com/photos/68746347@N04/6253022580/in/photostream don't forget michigan j . frog

1 holocaust denial is illegal in 16 countries	by making holocaust denial illegal you're indirectly supporting holocaust deniers . facts should be able to stand alone and should not need legislation if they're really true .
2 not that indirectly . i was talking to a european holocaust skeptic . his position was essentially " if the holocaust really happened , why is it illegal to ask	it isn't illegal to asks questions about it of course . that's an absurd thing to say . as expected .
3 > it isn't illegal to asks questions about it of course . _jeopardy_ demonstrated decades ago that every statement can be rephrased in the form a question . if you	you could , though , because that's not straight-up denial . of course its still a silly question ...

1 6 - year-old ryan gosling , inspired by the movie " first blood , " once took steak knives to school and threw them at other children during recess	and this is why you don't let 6 hear olds watch rambo . jesus , the parenting skills . . .
2 what's wrong about letting them watch rambo ?	they bring steak knives to school and throw them at people .

1 1989 ’ s “ batman ” soundtrack album was mainly composed by prince , and is considered to be his 11th studio album , but since prince had to agree	he also shagged kim basinger , recorded her orgasm , and used it in the scandalous sex suite 12 " .
2 > he also shagged kim basinger , recorded her orgasm , and used it in the scandalous sex suite 12 " . is that true ? i'm not surprised	yes it is .

1 sand sharks get pregnant with up to 50 embryos where one eats all of the others , grows and is born .	jeez . should call it a spartan shark instead .

1 actor cillian murphy converted to atheism after researching his role as a nuclear physicist in the sci-fi film " sunshine "	atheism is a lack of a belief ; not a belief in itself . you cannot ' convert ' to it . you accept it .
2 not according to dictionary.com : 1 . to change ( something ) into a different form or properties ; transmute ; transform . 2 . to cause to adopt a	convert is inappropriate in this case . do not rely solely on a dictionary to divine the correct usage of words .
3 rely solely on ikinone instead .	or just common knowledge as a native speaker of english ... which i presume many people here are .

1 closing down sweatshops often leads to a subsequent surge in child prostitution	penn and teller did an episode of bullshit about this topic .

1 the word " stoop " is largely unique to the northeast , specifically new york city . it's what we call the entrance steps for a walk-up .	is this solely in the sense of stairs ? because in the u . k we use stoop to describe an arched back or putting your head forward to enter

1 morgan freeman is against black history month	the same can be applied to homosexuality .

1 chevy chase escaped the army draft by falsely claiming he had " homosexual tendencies " .	that really worked ?

1 : 35 % of democrats polled in 2007 believed the president or the cia knew about the 9/11 attacks in advance .	its only because bush was president . had a democrat been president than it would be they wouldn't have believed it
2 i agree ( and i'm a democrat ) . but on the flip side , republicans would likely have had very different views in that case as well .	i have to wonder what percentage of republicans believe obama faked his birth certificate .

1 the " mister ed " 1961-1966 tv show starring a talking horse has a theme song that contains " satanic messages " if played in reverse	perhaps you should learn what the word " claimed " means . it means some nut case said there was satanic lyrics , not that there actually was .

1 carbon monoxide is used in the usa to make meat appear fresher . this practise is banned in canada , japan , singapore , and the european union .	i swear til has become the " lets all try to find things wrong with the us " subreddit . getting a bit ridiculous .
2 yea , i also think it's getting a bit ridiculous how fucked up the us is . edit : yup , typical defensive americans . you can bury me to	lol u mad

1 neerja bhanot , an indian flight , attendant hid the passports of american passengers on board a hijacked flight to save them from the terrorits . she died while attempting	1 . my god she was gorgeous 2 . i've never heard of this 3 . i'm assuming the plane was grounded ?
2 > 1 . my god she was gorgeous most flight attendants are	you clearly haven't been flying much recently .
3 i was gonna say its all flamboyant gays now	i'm not flamboyantly gay , i'm straight and average .

1 : bugs bunny's nonchalant carrot-chewing standing position , originated in a scene in the film it happened one night , in which clark gable's character leans against a fence ,	i love colbert's chirpy sarcasms . the older i get , the hotter 1930 ' s female stars seem . it's some sort of conspiracy .

1 in 1961 the us air force accidentally dropped two nuclear bombs on north carolina , each more than 250 times the destructive power of the hiroshima bomb , but nether	there is also a story about a bomber that crashed in the monongahela river near pittsburgh that had an atomic bomb on board . not really sure if that's just

1 in 2007 a bowhead whale was found to have a harpoon dating back to the 1890 ' s embedded in its blubber , indicating that it had survived a similar	fucking rhaknam won't get the best of drachma and the little jack . no fuckin ' way .

1 a side effect of the drug clomipramine is a yawngasm , which makes affected users orgasm every time they yawn .	well i dont think id stay depressed long with constant orgasms

1 at 42yrs old tony hawk still lands the 900 " i'm 42 and i did a 900 today . "	after seeing the 80 year old woman doing floor gymnastics here on the front page the other day , i'm not impressed by anything a 42 year old man can

1 certain black sororities and fraternities used to have a " brown paper bag test " where they wouldn't allow people to join if their skin was darker than a paper	just watched ' bessie , ' huh ?

1 the tv comedy malcolm in the middle used mood-setting music in lieu of canned laughter . artists included abba , they might be giants , kenny rogers , elo &	i prefer it that way . i don't particularly enjoy the sound of a crowd laughing during my tv time . matter of fact , none of the shows i
2 friends and seinfeld are the only shows where i can deal with the laugh track . edit : i realize these shows were filmed in front of a live audience	fresh prince was also acceptable

1 the president of the university of oregon missed out on having " the graduate " filmed at the school in 1967 . not wanting to make the same mistake again	i think oregon got the better of the two movies .
2 some people seem to be taking you a bit too seriously .	tends to happen .

1 the us embargo against cuba ( 53 years so far ) has been condemned by the majority of the united nations 19 times since 1992 and is considered illegal by	illegal according to ... nothing . no international treaty , no pact , no agreement , nothing that holds any actual weight .

1 when african-american former slave jordan anderson was asked to come back and work for his old master , he replied with a deadpan letter asking for 52 years ' back	thats pretty much the definition of chutzpah . writing a former slave to come back to the plantation he was freed from due to the outcome of the civil war
2 even better was that the colonel's family was interviewed in 2005 and they were still mad at anderson for not coming back to help save the plantation . it really	it kind of gives you an idea of who really has the " entitlement " mentality , doesn't it ?

1 tim burton was originally uncomfortable with casting christopher walken in batman returns , on the basis that the actor " scared him . "	christopher walken scares him , but he'll hang out with helena bonham-carter all day long . makes sense .
2 well i mean they are married . edit : my mistake they're not married , but they ~ ~ live together and have 2 kids ~ ~ fuck . you	which is weird cause i always thought tim burton was trying to hook her up with johnny depp .
3 i've always had a hunch that burton , carter , depp , and depp's spouse of the half-decade either orgy , or there's a love triangle between depp , carter	that's been my theory for a long time . i'm glad to see someone else is onto them .

1 shirley phelps-roper ( westboro baptist church ) is banned from entering the uk for " fostering extremism or hatred " .	seriously keep all the crazy people to your-self , we really dont want them in the uk thanks
2 we've got enough already .	yes , i do agree with that

1 the opening dialog in the daft punk song " contact " is taken from real nasa recordings of the apollo 17 mission .	martin mittone uses recording from an atlantis mission in [ apollo flight ] ( https://soundcloud.com/martin-mittone/martin-mittone-apollo-flight-1 ) probably one of my favorite things ever .

1 world hunger is about social inequality , not of food production . we can already feed 12 billion .	... duh . was this something people wondered ?
2 i've run into some " environmentally conscious " people who believe there's not enough land or food to support the global population .	depends on the living standard and technological level you want to provide .
3 okay , so our current living standard and 12 billion people . global population will top out at 9 billion and then decline , so we can each enjoy a	actually , if merely china even makes to our living standard we will crush the world's resources under our tiny , insignificant feel .

1 cage the elephant's drummer was temporarily replaced by david grohl ( from nirvana and foo fighters ) , after their drummer suffered from his appendix bursting while on tour .	thats what i imagine dave grohl was like when he heard the drummer was hurt : > " wow that sucks , but i could play drums on the tour
2 it actually went just like that . you have a stellar imagination friend .	thank you , this made the whole thing more awesome for me

1 suge knight's girlfriend who was about to testify against him disappeared and hasn't been found since 2008 . when all charges were cleared suge knight said " god is good	what a great thread ... thanks for all the laughs ! and that's not me kissing up to suge . fuck you suge !

1 in the online game eve a player group spent 12 months infiltrating a rival group , then assassinated their leader and stole or destroyed $ 16,500 . 00 usd worth	* the simultaneous ambush and galaxy-wide hangar theft inflicted financial damage upwards of 30 billion isk - $ 16,500 us dollars at ige.com ' s prices . the value of
2 30 billion isn't actually that much really . a single nyx supercarrier can be worth upwards of 25 billion and titans even more than that . maybe prices have inflated	isk has inflated a great deal since then .

1 jackie chan is a trained opera singer and has released 20 albums	jackie chan will [ make a man out of you ] ( http://youtu.be/5SLJJc8siyU )
2 that is super cool ! i wonder why he did that . was he asked to sing that song ?	this version of the song was for the cantonese version of the mulan movie , i think it was for promo purposes . jackie chan was the voice for shang

1 picking your nose and eating it may be beneficial to your immune system .	oh god , i really wish i hadn't come in here to see the comments .

1 after pablo escobar's death , the 4 hippos he kept as pets have begun to breed and become an invasive species in colombia	it's not like they're going to be hard to find being you know , fucking enormous and all that . put a bounty on them and they'll go from invasive
2 or convince an asian country that eating their dong will give them a boner .	there you go , thinking outside the box !
3 pretty sure he was thinking about putting it in the box .	the cumbox ...

1 hitler was a vegetarian and against any form of animal cruelty . during movies in which animal cruelty was portrayed , he would cover his eyes and look away until	it's like 10,000 spoons ...

1 in 1966 french president charles de gaulle demanded that all american military personnel leave france . american president lyndon johnson asked if that order applied to american soldiers in french	and that's when de gaulle revealed his necromancer powers , kept prolonged eye contact with lyndon as zombie us soldiers rose from their graves , and uttered a slow :
2 i'd read that book ...	dammit now i'm interested . off to google

1 joining the dark side	last time i checked this guy's site he was ranting about the evils of anti-aliased fonts .

1 - most of the smoke billowing up from a space shuttle launch is not exhaust . it is water vapor from the pool of water under the shuttle designed to	> during launch 300,000 u . s . gallons of water are poured on the launch pad . there's a really cool slow-motion [ video ] ( http://youtu.be/DKtVpvzUF1Y ) of
2 that's not just a saturn v takeoff , that's apollo 11 .	ten of the twelve manned apollo missions , including apollo 11 , used saturn v rockets .
3 yeah and ? painmatrix linked to a video of apollo 11 .	oh , i'm sorry ; i misread your comment , such that it seemed you were asserting that apollo 11 was not launched by a saturn v rocket . my

1 nearly every top mcdonald's monopoly prize from 1995-2000 was fraudulently won by a group of insiders	and the best part is that when mcdonald's tried to sue the firm responsible , they ended up losing and settled out of court for an additional 16 million
2 dermn , ber thert erscerlerterd qerckler .	[ til reddit does not like this meme ] ( http://www.reddit.com/user/ERMAHGERD_GUY )

1 before world war i , most people did not have or need an identity document .	" it's ok , they're only temporary emergency powers until we get through this rough patch "

1 gotham city , as stated by the " atlas of the dc universe " , is located in new jersey .	i always felt like gotham city was supposed to be new york city . and metropolis was also supposed to be new york city .
2 " gotham is new york at night . metropolis is new york during the day . " is an old adage .	this was only witty in the 70s and 80s , when nyc was actually dangerous at night .
3 new york is perfectly safe at night .	it really cleaned its shit up after the 90s .

1 hobos have a code consisting of symbols that they use to help other hobos and also to warn them of danger	yo man ... * circle , triangle hat , squiggly line ... *
2 whatdyou say about my momma ?	i said ... * circle , triangle hat , squiggly line , batman symbol * . ya hear me now ?

1 alex the parrot's last words to his caretaker were , " you be good . i love you . "	according to wikipedia , it included another sentence . he said : " you be good . * see you tomorrow * . i love you . " , which
2 fuck man . i was about to go to bed , why did i read this . just ... just god damn man .	man .

1 the buddha's story appears in christianity as the legend of st . josaphat and in islam as the legend of budasaf .	this is utter hogwash
2 not really . it's universally accepted that the story was adapted from the buddhist stories .	of course it's not , as there is absolutely no historical basis for that assertion .
3 did you read the article ? which points do you reject and why ? because it's quite literally undisputed that the story of budasef / sts . josephat and baarlam	again , it's not " undisputed " . no evidence whatsoever was supplied to prove that assertion .

1 clint eastwood was in a plane which crashed into the sea . he and the pilot escaped the sinking aircraft and swam 3 miles to safety .	the other 200 passengers couldn't be saved , unfortunately .

1 during passover , coca-cola sells coke with sugar instead of corn syrup in areas with a substantial jewish population because corn syrup isn't kosher . keep an eye out for	glass bottled coke in most places are still made with real sugar . i shell out the extra 50 cents once in a while when i want to drink soda

1 lance armstrong owns a coffee shop called juan pelota cafe . juan is a homophone for " one " and " pelota " is spanish for ball .	although good , it would probably be more appropriate to name is tramposo mentira cafe

1 in 1988 at the height of the iran-iraq war , iraq had an army of 1 million , rendering it the 4th largest army in the world .	my each but after the third there's a reeeeeaaal big fucking drop-off . the hare krishnas are the 5th biggest army in the world .
2 third dude to bring that up in this thread , and you didnt even credit it to the creator .	i was too hasty !

1 netflix created house of cards by noticing that viewers liked kevin spacey and david fincher movies .	if this is the result of realtime metrics-based entertainment , i humbly bow to my new data-mining overlords .
2 as do i ! i love kevin spacey . i have no idea who david fincher is but i'm guessing i love him too because house of cards is fantastic	fight club , se7en , the social network , the game ( less acclaimed but i would highly recommend it ) , the curious case of benjamin button ... fincher
3 plus alien 3 !	shhh , don't tell anyone .

1 after the capture of a serial killer of children , a police officer found his own daughter tied and gagged in the back of the killer's van .	i've been watching a lot of criminal minds lately . running across stories like this , i occasionally think how the show would handle it . i'm pretty sure that
2 law and order has stories based on real life events all the time .	reddit is based on real life events , once in while .

1 the longest ever recorded sniper kill was shot from 2,475 meters or 1.54 miles away by british coh craig harrison . the bullet took over 6 seconds to reach its	wow thats crazy , check [ this ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/47/S%26B_P4_reticle_at_25x_zoom_with_1.8_m_%286_ft%29_tall_man_standing_at_2%2C475_m_%282%2C707_yd%29.png ) out . its from the wki , look at how small his target would've been . the old saying
2 [ decided to animated it . ] ( http://i.imgur.com/praowTl.gif )	[ ] ( / fs10 ) [ i got this for you ] ( http://img.pandawhale.com/93002-reddit-silver-medal-meme-funny-B9d2.jpeg )
3 reddit silver ... has vastly improved since i last saw it .	well , it improved into reddit gold in this case !

1 king harald of norway vowed to remain unmarried for life unless he could marry his true love , the daughter of a cloth merchant . she became the queen of	you gotta say harald v , or else i assume it's the pagan harald fairhair from the 9th century .
2 that's the one that pops to mind ? dude , go hardrada or go home .	but that's harald iii . " king harald of norway " with no number implies that it's harald i , i . e . fairhair .

1 prostitution was widely legal in the united states up until the early 1900 ' s , when the woman's christian temperance union lobbied against it . this was the same	fucking assholes ; making it illegal is what causes sex trafficking

1 the usps is a year older than the united states	and when my package arrives i'll be older than the united states .
2 i know this is a joke but for that to happen you'd have to wait for the nation state of the united states to collapse , then wait like 250	haven't you learned anything ? the usps doesn't need the us ! that's how it started in the first place .

1 the original tron movie didn't win any special effects awards because the motion picture academy thought they " cheated by using computers . "	to make the suits " glow " they had to put neon tape over each frame in post production .

1 when a german hacker stole the source code for half life 2 , gabe newell tricked him in to thinking valve wanted to hire him as an " in-house security	he is a long time redditor . enjoy this read . http://www.reddit.com/user/ichundes here's his [ ama ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/fpkav/the_boy_who_stole_halflife_2_fascinating_article/ )
2 its funny to see that even 2 years ago , jokes were had about episode 3	my grandchildren will joke about episode 3

1 on june 27 , 1844 , mormon founder joseph smith was murdered by an angry mob while he sat in a jail cell . the incident arose after smith ordered	he shot and wounded three people on his way down ... very " prophet " like ... edit : are people really down-voting the truth ? must be mormons
2 no , they are down-voting your judgement of his actions ; a armed lynch mob is coming to kill you , as there is a proclamation that any illinois citizen	when jesus died , he did not take down a few other people on the way . if anything , he said " father , forgive them , for they

1 weird al's parents both died on the same day of carbon monoxide poisoning . only hours later , he performed a concert and started by saying " since my music	[ weird al honors parents ' memory with ' tears in heaven ' parody ] ( http://www.theonion.com/articles/weird-al-honors-parents-memory-with-tears-in-heave,4654/ )
2 i don't think that went too far over the line . weird al has written some twisted shit in his time , especially his older stuff from the 80 '	i'm curious , what has he done that is that twisted ?

1 if detroit was a country , it would have the fourth highest murder rate in the whole world .	i still love the d !
2 it's so cold in the d though	damn you ! i had almost forgotten that song existed ! now it's back in my head !

1 mr . t's gold chains were taken from the people he beat up as a bouncer ; he wore them openly so they could come back to get it .	iama not mr . t

1 to get greeks to gain an interest in potatoes , a large shipment of potatoes was left on the docks of nafplio under guard . the guards were ordered to	now eu leaves a shipment of debts that people will secretly steal and pay , just for the thrill of being subversive .
2 if this works , you'll be elected king of the eu or something .	emperor , afterall it's no secret that throughout history europe has wanted to recreate the roman empire in one shape or another ...

1 vermont abolished slavery in 1777 , while still an independent nation . this means vermont was both the first state , and the first nation in the americas to abolish	i always thought vermont split from new york * after * new york became a state , and that's how vermont became number 14 . but apparently vermont split not
2 never split from new york . rather vermont denied that new york had any claim to the land . new hampshire and new york were fighting rather hard over us	ah , it's not surprising that nobody had de facto control over the area ( hell , most colonies had some backwoods territory in name only ) . they always

1 clint eastwood was offered the role of james bond but turned it down because he believed the character should be played by an english actor .	that's adam west your thinking of ...

1 ugg boots were invented by surfers to keep their feet warm after leaving the cold ocean	ugg hate is like a lot of group mind hatred ... people don't know why they hate them ... just that they are supposed to to be " cool "
2 neckbeards hate anything that is considered cool . i don't see what is so ugly about them . in fact , when i first saw them in a combination with	i've always thought they looked like seude sacks .

1 4 of the top 50 biggest " box office bombs " of all time are playing in theaters right now	waterworld is not on this list . huh .

1 pistachio is highly flammable when stored in large quantities and can spontaneous combust	so is hay if it hasn't been dried before storage . causes many barn fires here is wis . and is a pretty common fact .

1 odds of being attacked by a candiru ( penis invading fish ) are " about the same as being struck by lightning while simultaneously being eaten by a shark .	when i was in the amazon last year and the guide said i could swim with the pink dolphins , i said fuck it and jumped in ! then i

1 there was a chimpanzee who drank gin and tonics and masturbated to porn	they raised it as if it was their child ! ? so they let her drink and masturbate , then released her into the wild where she was found dead
2 she was in the wild for at least a year and seemed fine at the end of that year . and poaching is suspected as her cause of death .	isn't that the main argument over on the nofap side of the tracks ?
3 i was referring to having little or no contact with other chimpanzees while being raised .	yes , my point too .

1 versailles's over 2000 fountains consumed more water per day than the entire city of paris . to solve the water shortage , the fountaineers would signal each other upon the	first
2 you've been a redditor for one year , but yet you type this comment ? ... normally i would ask if you're new here , but you're clearly not ...	is it time for summer reddit already ?
3 his user history is full of comments on / r / college and / r / premed . so ... yeah , i guess so .	yeah we opened it back up the other day . / r / summerreddit

1 in 1902 traian vuia , a romanian engineer , designed his first flying machine , then presented his plan to the académie des sciences in paris in 1903 , but	a hundred and eleven years ago flight was impossible . what impossible thing today will be routine in another century ? ftl ? immortality ? the eradication of want ?
2 human transport around the solar system . the distances and time to go those distances are very large and we do not have sufficient means to protect the astronauts from	if you insist on going every where in a tin can , sure . however it is entirely possible to shield from solar radiation .

1 a big brother winner used his winnings to start a drug ring , with another contestant from the same season .	why is this not surprising ? :P

1 each wu tang member must contribute 20 percent of their solo earnings to a fund for all wu members	wu tang also operates as a gang , and are considered a gang by the fbi . edit : source http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2086522/Wu-Tang-Clan-Secret-FBI-files-reveal-shocking-links-murders-shootings-drug-trafficking.html so i don't have my original source , so
2 that's ok , the fbi is [ also considered a gang ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/138jez/til_that_the_fbi_helped_frame_four_men_for_a_1965/c71qw0a ) .	you're on some kind of list now .

1 king kong from the peter jackson movie had over 460 billion individual strands of hair , and a single frame of of fur was 2 gigabytes of data	fur and hair , doesn't surprise me . the amount of memory needed to render , and not crash . it's a fun thing to play around with , but

1 babylon 5 switched commanders after season one because the actor playing commander sinclair had paranoid delusions . creator j . michael straczynski kept it a secret until 2013 after the	i watched it because of claudia christian . hotness .

1 in 2004 the bus driver for dave matthews band illegally dumped 800 pounds of human waste in to the chicago river ... and ended up hitting the passengers of a	they had that many albums on the bus ?

1 in 2000 , blockbuster video turned down a chance to purchase a one-year-old company called netflix for $ 50 million .	i wonder how many people reading this didn't even know netflix was a dvd by mail service when it started .
2 use it . streaming doesn't have all the movies available that you can get via mail .	my mom was a mail carrier and said that those little dvd pouches were a headache . they would get caught in shit and always we ripped open .
3 weren't they made of tyvek ? what sort of devil magic goes on with mail handlers where it's easier to rip tyvek than paper ?	from what i was told by my mother , she said they'd get caught in stuff , the corners would get nasty , they'd bend and they'd rip . they

1 don king has killed two men . he shot one in the back who had robbed his illegal gambling house and later stomped an employee to death over $ 600	all the letters written said the same thing , " he din du nuffin . he a good guy . "

1 paul mccartney dreamed the melody of " yesterday " one night and immediately wrote the music the next morning . he then looked around for a month to find out	i heard his latest song on the radio today . he's still got it !
2 what's the song ?	" new " . or as i like to call it , " paul mccartney's new song , ' new ' , on his new album , ' new '

1 in the case of a female president , the male spouse is described as first gentleman .	bill is going to love this title ; from pimp to gentleman .

1 in 1996 , pinkerton ( weezer's second album ) was voted as the year's third worst album by rolling stone readers . six years later , the readers voted it	if it was the 16th best album * of all time * but the 3rd worst for that year , wouldn't that just mean 1996 was an amazing year for
2 only works if there were a maximum of 19 albums released in 1996 .	could somebody check this ?

1 jamie johnson , the heir to the johnson and johnson fortune , made 2 documentaries showing how the 1 % live and was sued for it by some of his	class warfare is a thing

1 in 1974 egyptologists observed ramesses ii's mummy's condition was rapidly deteriorating and flew it to paris for examination . he was issued an egyptian passport that listed his occupation as	" however , a website run by the l'oréal group states that microscopic inspection by l'oréal researchers revealed that " the pharaoh was naturally blond and that he used a
2 [ it's true . i saw a documentary on tv . ] ( http://static3.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20111122210748/yugioh2/de/images/7/79/Yugioh-com-002.jpg ) edit : thanks a lot for the gold !	where is the blonde on the right's 5th card ? it looks like she ate it .

1 thin mints alone account for 25 % of girl scout cooke sales	that's funny , because thin mints fucking blow .

1 in the 50 ' s and 60 ' s , the us detonated 105 nuclear bombs in an area called the pacific proving ground which included many inhabited islands that	you'll love this . every nuclear explosion in the world plotted on a map since 1945 . colorful , musical . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cjAqR1zICA0 skip ahead to the 1960s or so when

1 after invading greece and receiving the submission of other key city-states , philip ii of macedon sent a message to sparta : " if i invade laconia you will be	" we both know we're not worth conquering . "

1 pigeons are superstitious . when given food at irregular intervals in a lab , they develop rituals ( like spinning in a circle ) associated with whatever they were doing	i don't know if that superstitious really .

1 mas oyama , a karate master , would fight live bulls with his bare-hands during his martial arts demonstrations . occasionally , he would kill them with a single blow	i read bullets the first time through . that was weird .

1 chris farley was suppose to be the voice of shrek ( he was over 80 % done with the dialogue before he died )	they should release a version with all the parts he did complete .
2 they did release it , it was on some shrek dvd bonus thing , i still have it .	that was mike meyers still , before he tried the scottish accent . the stuff chris farley did was for pretty much an entirely different movie , with shrek being
3 so ... animated tommy boy ?	or animated black sheep .

1 warheads candy has a ph of 1.6 , compared to battery acid's ph of 1.0	note : as ph is decreased , acidity is increased . so , batteries are still more acidic than warheads , everybody .

1 tom cruise grew up in near poverty , and he was beaten by his father , who cruise has stated was a bully and coward .	this adds alot of power to his performance in magnolia , " comforting " his horrible father on his deathbed .

1 kim jong-il's eldest son has lost his chance to succeed his father because he was caught attempting to enter japan on a fake passport to visit tokyo disneyland .	dang - the guy who tries to sneak off to disney is the guy we need in power !

1 there is a factory in japan which can run unsupervised for 30 days at a time . robots build other robots at the rate of 50 per 24 - hour	why would they turn off the heat and air conditioning ? there's an optimal temperature for machinery like that .
2 their optimal temperature is wider than the climate they reside in . i have some stepper motors that can work between - 20c to 100c . i think the only	fanuc intergrator here , you're pretty much correct .

1 jesse owens , the olympic athlete that trumped the nazis in the 1936 berlin olympiad by winning four gold medals , ended up working as a gas station attendant in	he couldn't out run the irs .

1 the script of an episode of the twilight zone , " the monsters are due on maple street " , has been used in elementary school reading textbooks .	i read that in elementary school lol we spent the whole year going over it because none of us understood it 😅

1 nuclear war during the cuban missile crisis was averted by the action of a single soviet officer .	everyone should check out http://www.armageddonletters.com/ for some awesome insights on the cuban missile crisis

1 in the 1960s , nichelle nichols , the black actress that played uhura in star trek , wanted to quit the show . mlk himself talked her out of quitting	i also learned recently that leonard nimoy discovered nichelle nichols wasn't getting paid the same as the other actors and insisted her pay be the same . kudos to spock
2 [ i'll do you one better . ] ( http://www.npr.org/blogs/codeswitch/2015/02/27/389589676/leonard-nimoys-advice-to-a-biracial-girl-in-1968 )	wow . i teared up reading his response . thank you .

1 the day after john w snow was sworn in as treasury secretary , his brokers bought $ 10m in debt holdings . when questioned about this in 2004 , john	you knu nothing jon snuuuuuw

1 the stasi ( east german secret police ) used a psychological technique called zersetzung , which involved things like breaking into a targets house and rearranging things , calling in	i wonder if these tactics would have any effect on a psychopath ?

1 american cheese cannot legally be sold as cheese in america	better to have at least tried to be french for a few years and failed though than never to have tried at all murica . we're all miserable little failures
2 > not being french is just your particular wretchedness . yes , we're really torn up about that .	no cheese eating surrender monkeying for law abiding americans :(

1 russia has approved construction of an estimated $ 66b tunnel across the bering strait starting sometime after 2030 , making a railway from new york to london a possibility during	it will never be built , unless by a wacko billionaire . it's not economically viable . what would the toll be ? the price of your car ?

1 there's a giant hole called the devil ’ s kettle that swallows half a river and no one has any idea where it goes . over the years , researchers	balls and logs are fine , but have they considered a gps tracker ?
2 even something tied to an extremely long and strong chain or string with measured intervals . just to see what happens and to see how far down it would go	i agree to be tied to the chain .
3 what a brave man . you will be sorely missed . y'know , because you're never getting out of there .	who would miss a fox ?

1 abc aired saving private ryan on veteran's day , unedited , every year starting in 2001 . the practice ended in 2004 ( the year of nipplegate ) , when	for a whole 4 years ! amazing , what heroes at abc . edit : s /
2 america was pretty blindly patriotic between 2001-2003 . not particularly heroic of abc , just opportunistic .	how is showing an unedited movie in honor of our armed forces a sign of being blindly patriotic ?

1 when he was 7 , vin diesel and some friends broke into a new york theater with intentions to vandalize it . instead of calling the police , the theater's	i have no way of proving this but i got vin diesel's phone number ( along with a ton of other celebrities # ' s ) and called him up
2 dude that's just strange	maybe , i was pretty young . i can only see it being strange if i were some 30 + year old doing that , must have been 14/15 at

1 the riaa intends to sue limewire for copyright infringement for $ 75 trillion in damages – " a sum greater than the current gdp of the entire global economy .	i'm surprised they didn't ask for a gajillion .

1 stalin developed one of the best universal healthcare systems in history , increasing the lifespan of citizens by decades	what good would a bunch of unhealthy conscripts be ?

1 a young charlie wilson's dog was killed by a next door neighbor who was running for city council by mixing crushed glass into the dog's food . charlie wilson retaliated	mixing glass into dog food is no way to run for city council .

1 there is a species of spider named calponia harrisonfordi and a species of ant named pheidole harrisonfordi in honor of the actor's work as a conservationist and environmentalist .	i kept reading " claponia harrisonforida " and " pedophile harrisonfordi " that would be mean .

1 dilma rousseff , president of brazil was tortured for 2 years ( 1970-72 ) by the military dictatorship in brazil at the time . she was a member of various	yeah , she also used to rob banks and there are rumors about her " gang " actually killing people while robbing banks . and that's my president ladies and
2 this sub has a habit of presenting communist thugs and butchers as freedom fighters , just because the people they were fighting against didn't have 100 % clean hands .	gosh . if i didn't know any better , i'd suggest political revolutions can be very morally complex situations , and aren't simply black-and-white .
3 either that or communists are cunts .	i could also say all conservatives are tea party lunatics but that wouldn't be right either , would it ?

1 the only american company that made sodium thiopental , the drug used in lethal injections , stopped manufacturing it due to its use in executions	i believe that in europe there is a firm that still produces it , but is banned from selling it outside of europe because the death penalty is seen as
2 yes , there are several companies that produce it over here in the eu , but the export of sodium thiopental is now regulated , so that us authorities won't	many americans see it as barbaric and inhumane .

1 weird al intended to parody the beatles " free as a bird " on his album bad hair day . paul mccartney gave permission for the parody , but since	yoko - always getting in the way of good times .
2 seriously ... [ fuck yoko ono ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_ShVT_kgMo )	[ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9kgu71d81U ) ' s the video bill burr is referencing in that video .
3 the goat horteling starts at around 1:15	i really like the word horteling .

1 when bill robinson , early film megastar and sidekick to shirley temple , was asked by a manager to leave a restaurant , he asked to borrow a $ 10	he gave him $ 10 in the 40 ' s ? ? isn't that an insane amount of money ?

1 super conservative pat robertson is actually in support for the decriminalization of marijuana and vice president joe biden is for keeping it illegal claiming it as a " gateway drug	yep , democrats are incredibly stupid . republicans are too but it's examples like this i always cite when i point out that both parties are equally worthless .

1 there was a ban on sliced bread in the united states in 1943 prompting a woman to write a letter to the new york post commenting : " i should	i'd prefer unsliced bread . except it's stupid expensive and i can't find normal bread unsliced . so much better cause if i'm making a sandwich or french toast id

1 the inspiration for the episode " bart sells his soul " came from an experience greg daniels had in high school when he convinced a bully to sell him his	uhh way to breathe , no breath !

1 dave grohl played every instrument and sang every vocal on the foo fighters ' first album . the only reason he put the band together was so he could tour	regardless of your feelings on nirvana and / or the foo fighters you can't say that grohl isn't an amazing musician . he's played different instruments in so many different
2 > the best oh god what have you done	honestly his comments mean next to nothing when compared to a computer using / typing bear .

1 a device known as a diamond anvil cell is used to recreate the pressure found inside planets . researchers have used this to create materials that cannot be found under	ice x ? so did we just skip over ice-nine ?

1 in 1994 the writers of toy story concepted wall-e , a bug's life , monster's inc . , and finding nemo all during a single lunch .	" i'll have what they're having . "

1 for over an hour on february 7th 2008 , comcast accidentally broadcast porn instead of cartoon network in nashville , tennessee . in another incident , comcast replaced disney channel	suddenly , incidents of playing doctor went up fifty fold .

1 the makers of the dark side of chocolate erected a giant screen next to the headquarters of nestle , the biggest giant in the industry , after they refused to	what about chocolate diamonds ? they're still safe , right ? heh ? ( nervous )

1 the sand cat can survive in temperatures ranging from − 5 ° c ( 23 ° f ) to 52 ° c ( 126 ° f ) and although they	5/5 , would pet

1 when legendary african king shaka zulu's mother died , he ordered no crops could be planted for the year , pregnant women were to be killed , no milk was	what a cunt
2 > what a cunt he wasn't a cunt . a cunt is a nice , warm thing that gives both life and orgasms . shaka zulu was a rotting piece	i'm pretty sure shit can do the same thing if you get creative enough .

1 apu nahasapeemapetilon's children's names are lincoln , freedom , condoleezza , coke , pepsi , manifest destiny , apple pie , and superman .	i distinctly recall manjula retrieving " gheet " from moe's tavern once .

1 tarantulas are known to live for 30 to 40 years	i had a pet rose hair , she lived 31 years ! passed away recently , rip ! they make great pets fyi

1 the poorly-received 1999 movie " wild wild west " was a commercial success , likely due to underage teens buying tickets , only to sneak into american pie or the	^ ( * i * liked wild wild west . )

1 jerry seinfeld met his wife while she was engaged to another man . she married the other guy in june 1998 , went on a three week honeymoon , came	what's the deal with cheating ?
2 they met , and yaddayaddayadda ...	oh , i mentioned the bisque .

1 the united states spends a higher percentage of government revenue on health care than several countries with socialized , single-payer systems .	us insurance companies ( ex . blue cross ) take one third of every health care dollar but contribute nothing towards patient care .

1 in the online game eve a player group spent 12 months infiltrating a rival group , then assassinated their leader and stole or destroyed $ 16,500 . 00 usd worth	isn't eve the game where i guy formed a banking institution , then at one point just kinda walked off with everyone's money and bought a giant kickass ship and
2 isn't eve the game where it's way more interesting to read about it than to actually play it ?	isn't eve the game where you grind rocks for hours , then someone kills you and you lose everything ?
3 no eve is a game where there are a million things to do and some people choose to grind rocks ...	that , and the grinding rocks part is basically the ' obvious ' approach for new players who aren't familiar with how eve works . it's boring and routine ,

1 willy wonka and the chocolate factory was a box office failure because mothers thought the lessons were " too cruel " for children to understand	" you get nothing ! you lose ! good day sir ! " - - mothers , to gene wilder , upon deciding not to go to the movie
2 honestly though , that movie scared the heck out of me as a kid . i thought all the kids that had bad things happen to them all died and	if that scared you , i hope you weren't a [ pee wee fan ] ( http://www.findadeath.com/Deceased/n/Alice%20Nunn/marge-background.jpeg ) .

1 there's a giant hole called the devil ’ s kettle that swallows half a river and no one has any idea where it goes . over the years , researchers	you can put a camera on mars , but not one in the devil's kettle ? ?
2 i think we probably know more about other planets and stars , than whats underneath out own .	yeh but what about whats underneth them ?

1 quentin tarantino offered to direct ' casino royale ' with the film set it in the 50 ' s , make it in black and white and retain pierce brosnan	i'm sure it would have been good but what was filmed was awesome .

1 melanie griffith was nicknamed brainiac in 1992 , because she didn't know germans had " done bad things " to jews during world war ii until working on the set	i'm 32 and have never heard of this movie . i feel as dumb as melanie griffith .
2 to be fair there are * * a lot * * of movies . i didn't start discovering the really important ones until my late 20 ' s . this	you should watch " cabaret " http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0068327/?ref_=sr_6 * * it won 8 oscars * * and deserved every one of them .

1 during argentina's dictatorship , opponents to the regime were drugged , flown out over the atlantic , and pushed out of planes alive with weights attached to their feet so	thank you cia and us-government _from back in the day _ for making all this possible . glad you free'd the continent !
2 to be fair , at least in argentina , the government that peron replaced wasn't exactly all roses and for a long time he was wildly popular . peron helped	[ i just can't stand the us meddling in every affair on the planet and rarely looking good once the truth comes to light . ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Condor#section_4 ) except
3 oh i knew about that , i was just saying , it's not like the us threw out a democratically elected government and installed a dictator like we did in	or chile .

1 j j abrams made a deal with valve to make movies of half-life and portal	am i the only one that thinks that portal wouldn't make a good movie ? the best part about that game was that it made you feel like a genius
2 prequel on the downfall of aperature . that would be sick .	that's what i was thinking . pre-bring-your-daughter-to-work-day .

1 bonobos , while sharing 99 % of our dna , are wildly homosexual and have sex for nearly any reason . anything that arouses the interest of more than one	i'd say bonobos are ' wildly sexual ' , not merely homosexual , using sex to trade for goods but also to diffuse tense situations and many other situations in
2 sorry , you're right . i was just lighting on the fact that while humans can be seen to be wildly sexual , it is usually heterosexual and that bonobos	they sound more trysexual .

1 a woman named chante mallard hit a homeless man with her car , sending him through her windshield . she drove home , parked her car in her garage &	what the actual fuck ?
2 here's a comic strip retelling of the incidents . http://www.emigennis.com/the-unusual-death-of-gregory-biggs/	so weird . i've heard this story a hundred times and thought it was a white woman everytime until i read this comment . i never bothered looking up pictures

1 the rat in james cameron's " the abyss " really was breathing a liquid ; there is no theoretical reason that something similar couldn't be used by humans . (	i heard about a theoretical torture using that liquid . place someone in a depravation chamber with that liquid slowly rising , drugged out of his mind . eventually ,
2 they probably won't be able to talk if they are using that liquid	it would be repeatedly drained and refilled , so just drain it , ask a question , start again

1 christian bale's stepmother , gloria steinham , was a feminist who protested the 1991 publication of the novel , american psycho , due to its portrayal of violence toward women	anyone else think it's funny that christian bale is batman and bateman ?
2 both of whom have severe cases of a personality disorder ...	and the fact that in the prestige he has an identical twin brother .
3 there's also some weird self-projection going on in the machinist , too .	yeah , that was the weird part of the machinist .

1 serena and venus williams claimed they could beat any male tennis player ranked 200 or below . karsten braasch , ranked 203 , beat each of them 6-1 and 6-2	although i think serena and venus would have a tough time beating any male professional tennis players , they were only 16 and 17 at the time .
2 16 and 17 is pretty close to the prime age for a female tennis pro .	evidently . there were 1 and 2 at the time . edit : they weren't ... evidently .
3 they weren't and that isn't the prime at all .	fair point , but i mean maybe don't make the claim if you can't back it up . " well they weren't even at their prime " isn't an excuse

1 - bruce willis once bought 12,000 girl-scout cookies for millitary service members in the middle east	twist ... he bought them all from his daughter ... launching her into the girl scout hall of fame , thus receiving a reward of $ 20k .
2 really ? edit : guys , go outside , take a breath of fresh air . get laid or something . you need something better to do to help you	you got downvoted for not understanding sarcasm . but , i downvoted you for using the line " get laid or something . " are you 14 ?

1 knife manufacturer , victorinox , claims never to have had to lay off an employee . to avoid this they set aside profits during boom periods to supplement recessionary periods	this company must not be publicly traded .
2 honda is publicly traded and has never had layoffs . - former honda employee ( who left on good terms and wasn't laid off )	there is a big difference between american and asian public traded ...
3 honda motor company is traded on the nyse . how exactly do you think it is different ?	http://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/people/board.asp?ticker=HMC doesn't look very american to me ? asians are far less money grabbers and bonus takers than the north americans . walmart rather squeezes out employees than giving up

1 the drug cabergoline allows men to easily achieve multiple orgasms by inhibiting the hormone prolactin	where could i get some of this and would it have any horrible side effects ?
2 lots of internet pharmacies , and as long as you keep the doses low , generally no .	thanks guy , you da best !
3 be sure to talk to a real doctor first .	http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qXsOicih1F8

1 : in 2011 drug cartel kidnapped hundreds of innocent bus passengers in mexico and made them fight to death like gladiators . the winners were sent on suicide missions	on a more positive note , miguel trevino morales ( the man pictured in the thumbnail and the one in charge of the mass murders ) was arrested 2 weeks

1 the remington 870 shotgun is used by armed forces around the world . wait for it - - and the u . s . dept . of education	they educate with shotguns ? ಠ_ಠ
2 everywhere used to have firearms safety classes in public schools . some rural communities still do .	it's a program that should be allowed in all schools , but no ... learning anything about guns is a bad mmm-kay . http://www.nrahq.org/safety/eddie/

1 during argentina's dictatorship , opponents to the regime were drugged , flown out over the atlantic , and pushed out of planes alive with weights attached to their feet so	i heard this happen to street kids during the olympics in brazil to clean up the cities image

1 to be a london black cab driver , one is expected to know over 25,000 roads and 50,000 points of interest and pass a test called " the knowledge "	do you have to do less if you're a white cab driver ?

1 in wwii the captain of a us cargo plane shot and killed a japanese fighter pilot with only his browning automatic rifle ( bar ) that was shoved through the	hell of a shot !

1 canada was the third country to go to space	what ? ! canada's a country ? !
2 no , it's a confederacy .	the great white north shall rise again . but only when you're ready for it . it doesn't want to inconvenience you , or anything .

1 keira knightley played the role of sabé , the handmaiden of queen amidala ( natalie portman ) in star wars : episode 1 . the two girls looked so alike	bonus fact - rose byrne ( * bridesmaids , neighbors * ) was a handmaiden in episode two !

1 : methuselah , from the bible , is accredited as being the oldest person to have ever lived , dying at age 969 years . but it is thought that	just as an fyi , methusala was not the oldest person to have lived in the bible . he was the oldest to * die * , but enoch was

1 in 2005 , the dea reported seizing $ 477 million worth of drugs , whereas the estimated value of drugs sold within and into the us is $ 64 billion	what the bloody hell ? ! this stat is unreal

1 vin diesel has played dungeons and dragons for 20 + years and had a fake tattoo of his characters name during the filming of xxx	he's also gay . source : rob cohen edit : thanks for the down votes dipshits , i wasn't saying it in a bad way , just like the op
2 you might want to let paloma jimenez know about that .	someone might have told my daughter's mother or any of the 12 or so girlfriends i had before coming-out . what's your point ?

1 all germans who are officially registered as catholics , protestants or jews pay a religious tax of 8-9 % on their annual income tax bill	that's quite a substantial amount of money . how did they get that to pass ?

1 the first hat trick in world cup history was scored by an american in 1930 .	usa ! usa ! usa ! we got 3rd place that world cup as well .

1 666 is the sum of all the numbers on a roulette wheel	also 666 is a triangular number
2 * * the triangle has : * * _3 sides equaling 60 degrees = _ * * 666 * * * * the hexagram the " jews " and satanists	humans primarily consist of water . satan as a hebrew word ( adversary ) predates latin by thousands of years .

1 there are 4 states that ban billboards - hawaii , alaska , vermont and maine .	i'm pretty content with being an anomaly here in maine .
2 currently living in aroostook county , can confirm that things are fucky up here .	how is it like up there ? i have been just randomly looking for land to become a hermit on ... and maine , aroostook keeps coming up as the
3 i'm not sure what i'd do with 80 acres of land in the usa , but coming from a city where a shitty 1 - bed apartment is about 600k	bring some anti-depression medication , you'll need it , or lots of your preferred drug .

1 because a large number of black males are unable to shave without severe irritation , domino's was found in violation of the 1991 civil rights act by requiring all their	this would preclude black men from a lot of industries where it is done for safety . some industries where fire or chemicals are involved don't allow facial hair either

1 the current flag of the usa was designed by a 17 year old for a school project . he received a b -	kid , this doesn't represent mah freedoms enough ! b - ! !

1 the power macintosh 7100 ' s internal code name was " carl sagan " . upon finding out , sagan sued apple . sagan lost , but apple engineers renamed	carl sagan was a good person . steven jobs , not so much . he could be a good person , but so far , no , he hasn't .
2 lol apple hate so creative	lol apple love so creative

1 liberia was founded by freed american slaves , and named their capital " monrovia " after president james monroe .	you didn't know this before ?

1 a right whale's testicle can weigh up to 500kg . the largest of any animal .	i will take this snippet of trivia to the grave .

1 john constantine is one of the only comic book characters to age in real time with his publication . this year he turned 61 .	woohoo , john constantine getting a front-page shout out ! check out / r / constantine for his show on nbc , and / r / hellblazer for his comic

1 hobos are migrant worker , tramps work when forced to , and bums don't work at all .	i'm a bum

1 every year one muslim israeli-arab purchases all $ 150 million worth of beer , bread and ' non-kosher for passover ' food from israel for less than $ 5000 and	the way you worded it , i thought some guy was making $ 150 million every year because of passover . totally not as bad as i thought .
2 making that kind of money from a religious holiday would be very shellfish .	making that kind of money of a religious ceremony would make perfect sense . the fact that people feel the need for this arrangement makes no goddamn sense at all

1 popcorn used to be used as breakfast cereal	i did that as a kid , but only because i was raised by hippies . i'd put soy milk or fruit juice on it . i was robbed of
2 that actually sounds pretty good . i grew up on sugary shit , drank a 2 liter bottle of soda a ~ ~ week ~ ~ day towards the end	you drank a two liter * a week * and pissed " pain crystals " ? i don't think that's normal

1 the eureka diamond , a 21.25 carat diamond from south africa , was first used as a toy by a 15 - year-old boy before it was given away to	shiny rocks

1 in the united states as many as 3.5 million people experience homelessness in a given year ( 1 % of the entire us population or 10 % of its poor	there are more than 67,000 homeless veterans in the us . i find this unacceptable and shameful .
2 yeah , fuck the other 3,433 , 000 people .	yeah less then 2 % of the homeless americans are vets . that's kind of an acceptable margins .

1 vin diesel began his acting career when he and his friends broke into a local theater with intent to vandalize . instead of calling the police on him , the	it all makes sense now .

1 a german landlord evicted a tenant after they spead surströmming ( fermented fish ) brine on the stairs . the tenant sued , but the court ruled in favor of	it's illegal to take on commercial aircraft and it goes bad . when it goes bad it's even worse smelling . my swedish grandmother let me smell surströmming after it
2 fermented fish ... goes * bad * ?	yea ... it turns into a nasty paste that's much worse than the surströmming .

1 when mel brooks developed spaceballs , he wanted his parody as close to the original as possible . brooks's deal with george lucas on the parody was no spaceballs action	* * lone starr : * * * i wonder , will we ever see each other again ? * * * yogurt : * * * who knows ?
2 with the upcoming release of episode vii , it's the perfect time for spaceballs 2 . juuust saying .	except john candy is dead , joan rivers is dead , and rick moranis is retired . that being said i would love a sequel , but without them i
3 rick moranis has said that it is a temporary retirement so there is hope but not much .	raising his kids , right ? so much respect for that .

1 people of the mongol empire never washed their clothes or themselves because they believed washing would pollute the water and anger the dragons that controlled the water cycle .	" so pretty much every civilization washed their clothes . unless you are , wait for it ... the mongols . " relevant username .

1 - penn and teller released a video game where the player must drive a bus from tucson , az to las vegas , nv in real time and without scenery	i've been aware of this game for a long time but i had no clue it was made by penn and freaking teller . that makes it even more awesome

1 prince performed a cover of radiohead's " creep " at coachella , but forced youtube to remove footage that fans had taken of the performance . youtube reinstated the videos	this outlook is one of the many reasons i love radiohead .

1 the nation of islam believe that white people were invented as an evil race by a scientist named yakub , 6,600 years ago . the experiment also produced ' red	" and today , i'm going to work on my latest invention , an evil race ... "
2 " corn ! "	" gee , i dunno ... last we did this ... "

1 clint eastwood , who spoke at the rnc this year , made his domestic partner get two abortions and her tubes tied	op doesn't know the definition of the word " made . "

1 when demolishing the house of serial killers fred and rosemary west , every brick was crushed and every timber beam burned in order to discourage souvenir hunters .	ugh . i feel a little unwell after reading that particular wikipedia page .

1 godzilla is a part of the marvel universe and has even interacted with the avengers	wait ... does that mean that disney ... owns godzilla ? ? ?
2 no . much like * rom the spaceknight * , they can't publish this stuff anymore , but it technically still happened and is still part of continuity . godzilla	godzilla was obliquely mentioned in the incredible hercules ( around 2008 ? ) when shield agents was discussing abandoned projects technology . that's the most recent reference i know of

1 : pokemon gold and silver which sold 23 million copies were developed by only 4 programmers .	so can i blame them for not being able to trade from s / g to r / s ? i alway assumed it wasn't allowed due to the multiplying
2 it's not because of the duplication glitch . you can't transfer from gen 1 and 2 to 3 because the stat system was overhauled greatly and made all previous pokemon	i guess that makes sense , i just always assumed they did it so i wouldn't have unlimited master balls and such

1 their is a 1 million dollar challenge offer by james randi , in which a person must prove that expensive audio cables are better than ordinary ones .	step 1 : make better audio cables . step 2 : make them more expensive than current audio cables . step 3 : profit ? !

1 danny devito was the executive producer on pulp fiction	the warthog !

1 legendary cult chessmaster misha tal got up from his deathbed , snuck out of the hospital , beat world # 1 garry kasparov in a chess tournament , and then	http://imgur.com/PO2RxPY he also had a birth defect known as ' weird hand '
2 it's called ectrodactyly and i happen to have it . i think he's one of the more famous people to have it .	electro-pterodactyl
3 pokemon are really getting lazy now .	pikaaaahfuckit .

1 the first goalie mask worn in a nhl game wasn't until a goalie took a puck to the face , got stitched up , and refused to return to the	goalie before masks http://i.imgur.com/SHSzfSF.jpg
2 holy shit	from what i remember this is makeup that shows all his injuries over the years .

1 tim duncan grew up in the us virgin islands where he was gearing up for the 1992 olympics as a competitive swimmer until hurricane hugo destroyed the island's only olympic-sized	proof that god loves the spurs .

1 andrew johnson was buried with a copy of the us constitution under his head serving as his pillow	only johnson was a dickhole .

1 the average toll to pass through the panama canal is us $ 54,000 . the most expensive regular toll fee is us $ 375,600 .	i wonder how much it costs to drive an aircraft carrier through .
2 two things : * it wouldn't fit . * you don't ' drive ' an aircraft carrier . you steer it .	you do steer it if the steering fails you steer it with a thing called a trick wheel and if that fails you steer it with a 50 ¢ coin

1 archaeologists have found no evidence which can be directly related to the exodus	i'm curious , would a nomadic group who were only nomadic for 40 years and who built no permanent structures leave a lot of evidence that would survive for over

1 after tearing a ligament in his throwing arm during what would be his final game , nolan ryan threw one last pitch that was clocked at 98 mph .	because he was a tough son of a bitch
2 a lot of pitchers during his time were , i met tom seaver and he spoke to me about how different the mindset was in the earlier years of baseball	100 pitches doesn't sound like much to me . could you explain to someone who doesn't know baseball too well how long of a career that is ?

1 french and italian have a lexical similarity ( the degree of similarity between two languages ) rating of . 89 , and generally languages are considered dialects if the similarity	as an italo-canadian born in quebec , i can confirm this / je peux le confirmer / io lo posso confirmare further proof ; chicken / poulet / pollo fun
2 american : chicken - fried - grilled - barbecued - roasted	you forgot braised and boiled .

1 : when ketchup is labeled " fancy " it's actually a usda grade meaning it's thicker than standard ketchup .	and here i thought it was " dijon ketchup " . yum
2 if i had a million dollars ...	* if i had a million dollars *

1 mopeds and scooters emit 10-30 times the amount of hydrocarbons per km that cars do	title is misleading . emissions tests won't allow anything in the higher ranges .
2 higher ranges of what ? are you talking about engine displacement ? they limited the study to 280ccs and less . i don't know of many scooters much bigger than	there is plenty of scooters in the 200-300 cc range and quite a few past that as well . i think the largest displacement in a scooter is 750cc .

1 in 1967 , each slurpee flavor had a pin associated with it . there were pins made for the flavors sticky icky , redeye , moon shine , pink fink	rewind that ... " kissin cousin " . o . o only available in west virginia . ^ ^ disclaimer : ^ ^ my ^ ^ gf ^ ^ is

1 dr . phil's current wife is his second marriage . his first wife , an ex-cheerleader and homecoming queen , claimed dr . phil was domineering and confined her to	he showed up at my friend's place of work maybe five years ago . when he didn't get preferential treatment , he said " son , do you know who

1 think about this for a while : yesterday we saw the 900th gp . rubens barrichello has started in 322 of them !	1997 ... ouch haha .

1 the king of thailand was born in massachusetts and is a us citizen .	i saw a documentary about the king of thailand , he had an english nanny working for him that he was in love with . there was also a lot

1 beethoven hated authority and social rank ( he was a commoner ) , so much that he would stop playing if aristocrats talked during his performances .	point of interest : how does a deaf man know when people in the audience are talking ?
2 he's deaf not blind	read that as " he's not deaf blind . " that would suck .

1 48,000 pieces of armor , 10,000 real arrows , and 500 bows were created for the filming of the lord of the rings trilogy	i've seen some of the best armor they had at a war museum special exhibit they had going on . also had some narnia armor and hellboys gun ( which

1 in 1994 pearl jam helped kick off a justice department antitrust probe into ticketmaster , so tickermaster hired a law firm with partners posted in the doj anti-trust division .	the way money runs this country fucking sickens me .

1 the stuff in toothpaste that makes orange juice taste bad also works as a shark repellant at high concentrations .	because it makes human taste like shit too .

1 there is a town in kentucky that chained a massive boulder to a mountain " in order to keep it from rolling down the mountain and destroying the city .	pineville , ky . my home , represent . they used to tell kids the rock would fall and kill them if they didnt behave . pine mountain state park
2 i am from corbin , ky , i have seen chained rock a time or two , been a while but if i remember its a helluva hike .	i am also from corbin , ky , and i drive past chained rock everyday for work !

1 after christopher reeve's injury , robin williams burst into his room in the icu in full scrubs and claimed he was a proctologist and that he was going to perform	say what you will about robin williams , but getting someone who just had a paralyzing accident to genuinely laugh about something is very impressive .
2 i can't stand robin williams as himself , but he is one of the best character actors out there . n	you get to meet him a lot ?

1 princess leia's iconic metal bikini was inspired by fisher's complaints that the loose-fitting outfits she wore in the star wars concealed her feminine physique .	i'm honestly more surprised that there's an entire wikipedia article dedicated solely to her bikini .
2 star wars in general seems to have a ton of coverage on wikipedia . with a fan base so huge , i guess it makes sense .	its a genre-defining film that pioneered the space drama and a hundred different special effects .

1 in 1994 crayola release scented crayons but had to retire the food scented ones after a year because parents complained that they " smelled good enought to eat "	i ate them all as a child , i'm totally fine .

1 although jews are only 3 % of the us population , they've won 27 % of all nobel prizes in science awarded to americans .	don't ashkenazi jews have higher average iqs compared to other groups of people ?
2 theoretically speaking , but the evidence isn't solid . also , it's verbal and mathematical iq . jews supposedly rank below average spacial intelligence . this could just be due	yep , its actually the same iq profile as aspergers syndrome ( mild autism ) . aspergers , and other autism spectrum disease , are much more prevalent in the

1 high-ranking viking funerals involved getting a slave girl drunk , screwed by numerous men , restrained , strangled , then stabbed through the ribs before being burned with the corpse	those were the days !

1 today is international caps lock day .	cool .

1 there is a pink kryptonite that turns superman gay	[ gee ... thanks , i guess ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uQJUeEa.jpg ) [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/W6uoEl7.jpg ) also shows up in google image search for ' pink kryptonite '
2 the second one i think was from a comic where robin broke his leg , and so to distract villians from that he wore brightly colored bat suits .	flawless logic . broken leg ? i'll just dress like someone forgot to sort my laundry and no one will notice .

1 my big fat greek wedding is the most profitable movie of all time earning a 6150 % return on investment .	i thought it was deep throat . made for $ 25k grossed $ 600 million .

1 purple cloth was rare in medieval europe partially because blue and red dyes were made by separate guilds and use of another guild's color was forbidden	* [ citation needed ] *

1 an unknown man , commissioned the construction of a stonehenge-like structure , with guidelines for humanity inscribed in it	horrible advices , some of them at least .
2 nah , they're all pretty solid .	[ source ] ( http://www.fourwinds10.net/journals/talmud/talmud.pdf ) on how that number was picked might your surprise you . chapter 12 . it's hilarious that there are people in this thread acting

1 the dalai lama supports gay rights , and once said , " if two males or two females voluntarily agree to have mutual satisfaction without further implication of harming others	i was under the impression that he also felt that people adhering to his form of buddhism weren't allowed to be gay though ...
2 it's a complicated thing , but here's the bullet points , as far as i understand it : if people want to have sex and it's not hurting anyone ,	aaaaaand that's why you never date a buddhist chick .

1 the earliest example of the yin yang symbol ever discovered dates back to 430 ad - as a pattern used on a roman shield - predating its appearance in china	celtics did it !
2 it's even in the same link . albeit a more simple design , and not necessarily clashing ( or at the very least different ) colors .	makes sense , they probably saw a lot of those shields =/

1 when the current king of thailand was born in cambridge , massachusetts , the hospital room in which he was born was declared thai territory for the duration of the	goddamn harvard commies .

1 in an early script for back to the future , the time machine was designed as a refrigerator , and its user needed to use the power of an atomic	see indy ? it's fucking stupid
2 see , this is why you have producers ... to stop you from nuking the fridge .	nuking the fridge = new synonym for jumping the shark ?

1 jesus is mentioned more often in the quran than muhammad	hello ! i am muslim and i was very happy to see this on the front page . i'm glad someone found this information and shared it . if someone

1 in the star wars universe , " spice " is actually drugs and han solo was a drug smuggler previous to meeting luke skywalker .	wait so i'm pretty sure c - 3po mentions spice mines at some point . they mine their drugs ? they're getting high on minerals ?

1 the lemon is actually a hybrid between a sour orange and a citron .	lies . everybody knows that a lemon is actually the sour egg of a citrus duck .

1 the song " bodies " ( a . k . a . " let the bodies hit the floor " ) by drowning pool was used during interrogations in the	yea but thats because youtube probably didnt exist when they used it to interrogate

1 belief in elves is so widespread in iceland that in in 1982 , 150 icelanders went to the nato base in keflavík to look for elves who might be endangered	as long as you don't mock their belief , it's fine to post articles like this .

1 a hiroshima policeman went to nagasaki to teach police about ducking after the atomic flash . as a result of this timely warning , not a single nagasaki policeman died	jesus christ i wish i had this information last semester . this american studies professor i had was adamant that duck and cover served no purpose other than spreading fear
2 " she literally laughed at my face " is your face funny looking ?	although i do hate it when people misuse literally and i was pretty quickly pounding away at my keyboard when i typed that out , i actually think it still

1 the current director of the fbi keeps a copy of the fbi request to wiretap martin luther king , jr . , " as a reminder of the bureau's capacity	oh please .

1 knife manufacturer , victorinox , claims never to have had to lay off an employee . to avoid this they set aside profits during boom periods to supplement recessionary periods	they're really great knives too . everybody should own one . they last forever . go buy one . do it !

1 what al-qaida's strategy for 2001-2020 is	sweet jesus , they were at step 5 !

1 hip-hop mastermind immortal technique established an orphanage in afghanistan in 2008 funded by the profits from his album " the 3rd world "	hes the only artist that practices what he preaches , not only did he pay for the orphanage he also helped to build it . the people commenting negatively about
2 he has gone to haiti and other places to experience things first hand and try to help out . tech is a pioneer and i support him 100 % .	exactly he's a good guy . it bothers me that people are calling him a prick , and gangster .

1 the southern baptist church was founded in 1845 to preserve the rights of church leaders to own slaves . this was not renounced until 1995 .	though i am not a southern baptist ( i do attend a baptist church ) , i think it's important to note the sbc's [ actual resolution ] ( http://www.sbc.net/resolutions/amresolution.asp?id=899
2 forgiveness has nothing to do with being christian , nor do i feel that it's any less my duty to offer forgiveness just because i am an atheist .	many ( most ? ) varieties of christianity at least pay lip service to forgiveness . i don't know if that translates into actual , statistically significant greater willingness on

1 john swartzwelder , a writer for the simpsons used to write episodes while sitting in a booth at a coffee shop " drinking copious amounts of coffee and smoking endless	sounds like a pretty fascinating guy to me .

1 speedy gonzales was banned by cartoon network for being an offensive stereotype , only to be returned after mass protest by the hispanic-american community .	yeah .. i mean shit . south park went ot war with canada and made us all have flappy heads and beady eyes .. and we love it .
2 ma'am ? ma'am ? * * you * * are a * * racist * * ! * * what are you laughing aboot ? * * ( in my	this is not aboot diplomacy . this is aboot diginty . this is aboot ... this is aboot ... what is so god damned funny ? !

1 in 1998 , texan judge jack hampton sentenced a man for 30 years for killing two gay men instead of life requested by the prosecuter . he justified it by	that's messed up ! unfortunately dickwads like this judge still exist but they just refrain from stating their mind publicly . ( gay and living in texas )

1 in 1975 , a 15 - year-old girl was beaten to death , with the primary suspects in the murder being kennedy-cousins thomas and michael skakel . although michael skakel	saw this as a kid http://www.imdb.com/video/screenplay/vi3717660953

1 johnny knoxville is the result of " significant inbreeding " . this was discovered by a genealogist he himself hired .	so inbred he's practically royalty .

1 since ronald reagan , each outgoing united states president has left a private message on the oval office desk for the incoming president on inauguration day .	" good luck lol " - w .
2 * dubya chuckle . *	heh heh heh heh

1 the " betty boop " cartoon character was the subject of a lawsuit by the popular singer helen kane , who claimed her singing style had been ripped off .	how dare you rip off the style that * i * ripped off first !

1 nokia made a handheld game console in 2003 , the n-gage . in the first two weeks , nokia claimed to have sold 400,000 units , but researchers later found	i had one . my friend had an n-gage qd .
2 i had the qd and it was awesome ! it took a sd card and you could download just about all the games for free . i still don't understand	i had the qd and i loved it . played all those sweet ass games and you could just download them like u said . plus i watched movies on

1 nowhere in the bible does it say that mary magdalene was a prostitute or even overtly sexual .	you didn't watch [ the divinci code ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0382625/?ref_=nv_sr_2 ) which went over this in great detail ...
2 pretty sure that was intended to be fiction ...	the dan brown book may have been fiction , but all the information regarding the bible in the book was accurate ...

1 frank zappa's grammy-winning album jazz from hell received a " parental advisory " sticker even though it is a collection of instrumental pieces and contains no lyrics at all .	tipper's a right cunt .

1 sherri shepherd is against same-sex marriage , as her " faith prohibits such unions " , but has admitted to having " many abortions "	well , at least she was a bit funny on himym . not a lot , but a bit .

1 when writing " paradise city , " the band had to vote on the second line because slash wanted " where the girls are fat and they've got big titties	no wonder they wanted to go home so bad .

1 carl sagan coauthored a book arguing that the theory of ancient civilizations being contacted by advanced extraterrestrials should be seriously considered .	i told you those pyramids are landing platforms for alien motherships !

1 when the arctic monkeys started their band , none of them could play instruments	cant play them well in my opinion

1 ozzy osbourne's entire genome has been analyzed by scientists to determine how he survived decades of extreme drug abuse .	and ! ? ! what did they find ?
2 he has a very unusual genetic variant in a gene that affects metabolism of methamphetamine ( and other amphetamines , presumably ) , something unusual in his oxytocin production and	he is the only known vertebrate to have a certain genetic code , from humans , chimps , to goddamn zebra fish , everyone has a k , he has
3 neither . lemmy has them both beat , plus he's not braindead like those two , lol .	yeah , but it's unfair to compare mere mortals to god .

1 a bear almost caused world war iii .	i thought all the russian people were just bears on unicycles ?

1 anderson cooper got his start in journalism by entering burma on his own with a forged press pass , selling homemade segments to the youth-oriented program channel one news .	i have such a hardon for that man .

1 jerry seinfeld met his wife while she was engaged to another man . she married the other guy in june 1998 , went on a three week honeymoon , came	i was rooting for him and shoshanna . if only she had graduated high school .
2 she was a fucking smokeshow	i'm unfamiliar with this term . what does that mean ? is she hot or what ?
3 i'm guessing you're 28 + haha . but yep , it means hot . can be also shortened to just smoke . as in , " wow look at that	i am indeed older then 28 hahaha . but explain how smokeshow equates to hot i'm quite interested in this funny expression now .

1 in 1977 singer tom waits was arrested outside a coffee shop for trying to stop men from bullying other patrons.these men were plainclothes officers , and waits was charged with	who bullies at a coffee shop ?

1 after hurricane ike in 2008 , comcast customers were billed for unreturned equipment that had been destroyed by the hurricane . customers were charged as much as $ 1000 for	i don't understand how comcast still has so many subscribers even though everyone knows they're terrible .

1 chris farley was suppose to be the voice of shrek ( he was over 80 % done with the dialogue before he died )	they should release a version with all the parts he did complete .

1 uk hypnotist derren brown organised an elaborate prank whereby he convinced one man that he had woken up in a zombie apocalypse . the ruse , that took months of	yeah this was obviously staged . find where it's been posted online and you'll see how contrived his supposed reactions are .

1 matt stone & trey parker had people warn them that there would be mormon protests surrounding their musical " the book of mormon " , but the church has had	i have seen bom . it is profane , very funny and amazingly respectful of the faith
2 > amazingly respectful of the faith [ sure it is . ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xLb7_UrV3-A )	it really is though .
3 did you click on my link ? because i linked to hasa diga eebowai . just saying , a song called " fuck you god " is not really what	[ here they are explaining their thought process . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=arsO5eM-Ppk )

1 in 2003 dave grohl was on the top of the billboard modern rock chart for 17 of 18 successive weeks , as a member of three different groups	that's how he * grohls *

1 secret service agents lived in chelsea clinton's dorm , and posed as students , while she was an undergrad at stanford	* * taylor lautner stars in * secret service * , the box office hit about an agent assigned to protect the president's daughter ... but can he keep their
2 this movie was already made , it's called first daughter and stars katie holmes .	don't tell anyone ... but i secretly love that movie .
3 sappy romance movies are my only weakness .	my weaknesses are puppies and bullets .

1 rommel's afrikakorps was never accused of war crimes , he was involved in plots to assassinate hitler , he protested against the treatment of jews , refused to execute commandos	he sounds like an interesting human being . can anyone suggest any good book about him ?

1 there have been nine different studies on dare ( drug abuse resistance education ) and all agree that the program does nothing or worsens the problem	but i signed an agreement to not do drug ? ? ? edit : holy shit , i barely get more than 20 upvotes let alone over ~ ~ 1400
2 at least they gave us an ironic t-shirt to wear at parties 10 years in the future !	how can you spot a drug dealer ? they are wearing a dare shirt . seriously , i have never met a person over the age of 18 wearing a
3 we have street corner dealer around here that wears a shirt that just says " pusher " .	is he working for randall munroe's company ? http://xkcd.com/993/

1 to get rid of body parts in the ganges special snapping turtles are bred and released in the river that are taught to consume dead human flesh . these turtles	i can confirm this . i lived in india over a month in varanasi , assi ghat . it smelled funny because 70 meters further along the river there was
2 why did you lived there ?	i lived there because of studies , mostly about hindu culture and religion and a small bit of social science . turns out it's super complicated , and not what

1 adam west , clint eastwood , and burt reynolds were all offered the role of james bond , and all declined , believing james bond should always be played by	itt : people who don't know what british is .
2 i was gonna say - sean is scottish , pierce is irish , and george was aussie .	scottish is british though .
3 dare you to go into a bar glasgow and say that aloud .	" aloud "

1 : that in all 16 seasons of the bachelor reality dating show , not one couple ever married after the show .	i think trista from one season of the bachelorette stayed with her choice , though .

1 when the current king of thailand was born in cambridge , massachusetts , the hospital room in which he was born was declared thai territory for the duration of the	there is a king in thailand
2 the royal family is super fucking corrupt and regularly vans people never to be seen again . you're not even allowed to talk badly about the royal family in thailand	i am in thailand currently . this is not true , and you can find it out with a small amount of research . also , most thai's love the

1 stevie wonder is blind because he was born six weeks premature , which , along with the oxygen-rich atmosphere in the hospital incubator , resulted in retinopathy of prematurity (	hmmm .. didn't know stevie was blind for the exact same reason as my wife . interesting .

1 666 is the sum of all the numbers on a roulette wheel	[ 616 is a possible variant for the number of the beast ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Number_of_the_beast )

1 the ceo of susan g . komen for the cure makes nearly $ 700k a year , about 25 % more than other non-profits of comparible size , while only	this gets posted every october .

1 president lyndon b . johnson owned an amphibious car and would scare his guests by driving into a lake , screaming about brake failure .	he could dangle his rod and actually troll after the troll

1 during a pledge drive , a dj at a portland , or radio station promised that the station would never play " stairway to heaven " again if someone made	[ no stairway ... denied . ] ( http://img.pandawhale.com/94144-no-stairway-to-heaven-denied-g-okxD.gif )
2 nice job . about as relevant as a gif gets [ ! ] ( http://giant.gfycat.com/ReadyMammothGuineapig.gif )	this one is pretty relevant too , considering robert plant was an amazing pitcher .
3 what was his era the year he won the cy ?	ii

1 until 1977 , the nuclear launch codes were " 00000000 "	01234567 i would bet on it being changed to .
2 ha ! it ’ s 12345678 ! nice try !	you didn't say the magic word .

1 a pilot was actually recorded saying " i picked a bad day to stop sniffin ' glue " just before crashing his 737 .	" cockpit voice-recorder transcripts indicate the pilots had been concerned about the weather and , prior to landing , jokingly alluded to the movie airplane ! , saying " i
2 if i knew i was about to die , i would love to have the presence of mind to quote airplane	surely you would continue to do everything you could to save yourself .

1 germany's gsg - 9 anti-terror unit completed over 1,500 missions , discharging their weapons on only five occasions . also at the swat world challenge in 2005 , gsg 9	i have to assume that defending a beach head wasn't one of the eight events .
2 i just wanna mention the fact that nazi germany had several tons of very nasty nerve gas , which if used would have made d-day one of the most horrible	well they didn't , so it wasn't .

1 when legendary african king shaka zulu's mother died , he ordered no crops could be planted for the year , pregnant women were to be killed , no milk was	overreact much ?

1 ol ' dirty bastard saw a car accident and he and his friend helped a 4 year old girl to the hospital.using a fake name , he visited the girl	odb just gets better . sad he is gone .

1 netflix has been around since 1997	yup , og customer here . i got a ' free month ' of netflix coupon with the way overpriced $ 500 jvc dvd player i bought in 1997 .
2 i was gonna say the same thing . my boyfriend started with a free trial when he bought a dvd player in 1997 . he said it was $ 11.99	interesting ; i'm amazed that they weren't litigated away for that alone .

1 the word shampoo entered english language from india during the colonial era . it dates to 1762 , and is derived from hindi chāmpo , itself derived from the sanskrit	looks like capayati is also the root for the indian flat bread chapati .

1 in wwii , a polish soldier volunteered to be thrown in auschwitz and escape to prove to the allies that the holocaust was real .	poland had an army
2 rather like the french one , really . once upon a time not the sort of people you wanted to fuck with . these days it's all about the surrendering	also poland kinda got invaded by the soviets at the same time ...

1 - russian crimean war debt was so large that alexander ii , realizing the difficulty of defending alaska , decided to sell it to the united states , in 1867	thanks for sarah palin , alex .
2 she is still hot . at least you could masturbate to the potus every time she came on tv .	you'd jerk it to mccain ?

1 paul giamatti was offered the role of michael scott from the office , but turned it down	thank god . i'm so tired of giamatti . his only character is " pretentious prick " ( usually while eating something - i don't know of any other actor
2 brad pitt is always eating during his movies	in moneyball he didn't eat too much .

1 president lbj owned an amphibious car , the amphicar , and used it to scare guests by driving them into his lake screaming about brake failure	remember when this car was in a bill nye episode ?

1 a former italian porn star became a politician and continued to make adult movies while a member of parliament	> she is famous for delivering political speeches with one breast exposed . ಠ_ಠ
2 > [ my breasts have never done anyone any harm , while bin laden's war has caused thousands of victims . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ilona_Staller#Quotations ) can't argue that logic .	reminds me of the playboy founder's speech comparing his harm and wars .

1 al capone's armored limousine , after being seized by the feds , was later used to protect fdr after the attack on pearl harbor .	december seventh , 2013 , a date which will live in infamy , the united states of america was suddenly and deliberately educated by the history channel . * thank
2 can confirm , watched the same thing this morning . i love when you see a til and know how op learned about it .	op learned til at ... we should make a subreddit .

1 john lennon was not as peaceful of a man as so many believe . he was physically violent towards women , and beat his first wife , cynthia lennon	he was also a cocky asshole , and preached against materialism yet lived in a mansion and had expensive cars . being a good musician doesnt make you automatically a
2 yeah , and he seemed like a douche in forrest gump , too .	yeah , and he hasn't even released a new album in like 30 years . ^ ^ too ^ ^ far ?

1 salt was so important throughout human history that the word ' salary ' derives from the latin word salārium , referring to money given to soldiers so they could buy	explains the colloquialism " off to the salt mines " when one is heading off to work .

1 the z in dragon ball z was chosen because z is the last letter of the alphabet and akira toriyama wanted to finish the series because he was running out	i read somewhere it was named z after some art designer wrote " z " instead of " 2 " , and akira decided to name it z . at
2 you mean db2 right ?	nah , he means dbz z
3 dbzz : its not anime !	that theme song made no sense to me . stupid judau

1 the first documented occurrence of the high five wasn't until 1977	the origin of the high five is a highly debated issue .
2 jesus did it .	it was the perfect conclusion for the making of the three-day rule . true story .

1 the movie 2012 is illegal to own or view in north korea .	haven't they used segments of it in their propaganda films ? if so i would daresay this is why , lol .

1 in 2002 , elon musk tried to buy three intercontinental ballistic missiles from the russians to send greenhouses on mars , but he found that 8m $ per rocket was	the dollar sign should be before the numbers not after the m .

1 hulk is basically indestructible and stacked with superpowers such as breathing underwater , surviving in space , resistant to solar temperatures , and extreme regenerability .	> his strength allows him to leap into lower earth orbit or across continents what sort of surface is he supposed to be leaping from when he does this ?
2 same stuff superman is standing on when he lifts buildings : comicbookonium .	the issue here is that superman isn't actually standing on anything when he lifts buildings because he's able to gain better traction by flying while lifting things so he's really

1 german interrogator hanns scharff was against using physical torture on pows . he would instead take them out to lunch , on nature walks and to swimming pools , where	ah yes , the inventor of " good nazi , bad nazi " .
2 and the writer of rich nazi , poor nazi .	good kapf , bad kapf

1 canada was the third country to go to space	not that surprising when you consider canada has a ton of natural resources and no need to spend a large chunk of their budget on defense .

1 the grey affected roger ebert so much , he walked out of his next scheduled screening . " it was the first time i've ever walked out of a film	makes me wonder . what would be the film equivalent of a palate-cleansing glass of water ? edit : stop spamming my inbox with mall cop you fucks
2 " aim to please " with ginger maxx	sounds like a porno , but there being no third x in her name makes me think otherwise .

1 john f . kennedy bought 1,200 cuban cigars the day before the us embargo against cuba came into effect	so i'm guessing that jkf himself didn't see much purpose in imposing the embargo . of course , he was wise in doing what would innevitably be expected of him

1 keira knightley played the role of sabé , the handmaiden of queen amidala ( natalie portman ) in star wars : episode 1 . the two girls looked so alike	didn't fool me

1 what al-qaida's strategy for 2001-2020 is	but instead of a caliphate , we're getting pro-democracy revolts all across the region - talk about a last-minute upset .
2 i think they're anti-western-influence demonstrations . the people know they are being oppressed by puppet governments of the western powers .	which , as an us citizen i have to agree with . we need to focus on the usa not the rest of the world .
3 especially since us politicians are doing such a fine job of running the country into the ground supported by religious dogma and make the rich richer ideologies . heck ,	israel is charitably taking care of that for them . with a little help from oil-rich arab dictators . the " arab world " is none too happy with the

1 based on passer rating , jay cutler is having the best individual year of his career . his rating is 91.2	you have yo wonder how much of that is attributed to short dump offs to forte who has a million receptions .
2 look at favre or aikman . they were both masters of the little dump-offs that kept them marching down the field and inflated their passing stats , but also set	are you saying that cutler is on his way to being a legend ? second , aikman and favre had offensive lines full of all pros . i'm not sure

1 there is a town in kentucky that chained a massive boulder to a mountain " in order to keep it from rolling down the mountain and destroying the city .	pineville , ky . my home , represent . they used to tell kids the rock would fall and kill them if they didnt behave . pine mountain state park

1 at the age of 14 , helen mar kimball was told by joseph smith , the founder of the mormon church , that in order to ensure eternal salvation for	and people wonder why others think mormons are nutters .
2 some of us wonder why anyone would think mormons are more nutty than any other christian .	maybe , just maybe , because the founder of your religion used his position to coerce young women into his bed by promising them eternal salvation .
3 historically common . from almost all religions . disgustingly .	don't see any writings about jesus doing that

1 after a falling out with ernest hemingway , gertrude stein--who had written the phrase " a rose is a rose is a rose--supposedly received a telegram from him that read	ernest hemingway also backed up james joyce in bar fights . possibly my most favorite literary fact ever .

1 nasa has created a crop called dwarf wheat that contains more nutrients , manages to germinate faster and is smaller than conventional wheat . these crops were successfully grown in	how do they solve the problems of their dicks flying off from the gluten ?

1 dustin hoffman is a lifelong fan of comics , and owns a copy of every comic book ever published by archies .	fan of comics ... reads archie ... does not compute . unless maybe your talking about his rain man character , then i could see it .

1 asbestos in the united states has not been banned and is totally legal . when the environmental protection agency tried to ban it , supporters of the asbestos industry actually	i see asbestos regularly at my job . all i know is when i see it , i send a sample to a lab . if it's hot , somebody
2 yeah , when i worked renovating apartments back in the early 2000s , i didn't know . sigh .	same here in the late 2000s . no adverse effects , so far at least . used to scrape popcorn ceilings off entire apartment units .

1 steve jobs ignored his doctors and refused to undergo surgery for his pancreatic cancer for 9 months . instead , he tried a vegan diet , acupuncture , herbal remedies	lived an arrogant asshole . died a sour ass hole .

1 world hunger is about social inequality , not of food production . we can already feed 12 billion .	whoaaa , that kinda blew my 18 year old mind :| also isn't the world just over-consuming and not over populated ?
2 i think the us is over-consuming on * behalf * of the world . hooray .	i live in canada and we aren't innocent either

1 the toyota mr2 had to be renamed in france , as the pronunciation of mr2 sounds similar to the french words for " it is shitty "	instant visions of a french man with a mustache pronouncing this . m r deux .

1 high-heeled shoes were originally worn by persian cavalry soldiers , perhaps as early as the 9th century .	the wiki picture just shows a guy with spurs . i don't have anything against heels , i'm just sure they're spurs ...

1 i learned that in 1989 , margaret thatcher pleaded with mikhail gorbachev to keep the berlin wall up	this must have led to an awful bedroom quarrel with reagan .

1 a canadian politician , late to his own dinner party , may have inadvertently initiated the fall of the ussr .	the title for this seems rather west-centric , implying that eugene whelan , the late politician , had more to do with it than say , yakovlev or gorbachev ,

1 in spite of what countless ninja movies and animes would have us believe , shuriken were used mostly for distraction rather than killing , and had plenty of uses other	yeah if i just barely clipped my target i'd probably say it was just for distraction as well . it sounds like bad ninja excuses . when are we going

1 the turkmenistan president for life effectively ended the teaching of algebra , physics , and physical education . in place , students were encouraged to memorize his book , "	ah , and i wonder how well that's worked out for them ...

1 home alone was no . 1 at the box office for 12 straight weeks and its theater run lasted from nov 1990 until the summer of 1991 , where it	my wife recently noticed that even things you wouldn't change every year have a christmas design . all the wallpaper is either green or red . red leather is everywhere
2 that's chris columbus staring back at you . it's the same reason that harry potter and the sorcerer's stone's visual themes and art direction were so well tied together .	and also why every time i watch that , i feel like it's christmas the whole way through .

1 scientists in antarctica watch " the thing " every winter . we should all do that too on the same date . it should become a worldwide event .	and now with the " prequel " out , they can watch the whole catastrophe ! :D

1 liam neeson turned down being bond because he was " not interested in starring in action movies " .	sean connery turned down both dumbledore and gandalf , i believe . something about not " getting " the scripts .
2 he also skipped on morpheus	i think i would have liked that . not that fishburne ( sp ? ) was bad .

1 ryan gosling got to choose the director for the film drive	winding refn is a genius . ryan gosling is no steve mcqueen but the movie rattled along nicely . it was a popular film . game over .

1 andré the giant was so large by the age of 12 that he could not fit on the school bus , and so was driven to school by playwright samuel	next time anyone ever tries to tell me about some dividing line between high culture and low culture i'm telling them this story

1 liam neeson turned down being bond because he was " not interested in starring in action movies " .	after realizing his mistake he went back but the role was ... ... taken .
2 release the kraken .	release the taken .

1 tofu is just " cheese " made from soy milk ( whereas regular cheese is made from animal milk )	cheese comes from milk . holy shit

1 jesus is mentioned more often in the quran than muhammad while mary is mentioned in the quran more than the new testament .	i have read both holy books . in the quran , jesus is referred to as " jesus , son of mary " every time his name is mentioned .

1 238 quarterbacks started for other teams during brett favre's 297 consecutive starts	yeah but if you divide that by the roughly 30 other teams in the league that's like ... 10 qb's ... per ... team ... fuck .
2 6 or 7 new teams since favre joined the league ? the math almost checks out ! .. closer	pretty sure there were 30 teams in 1991 . pretty sure that 32-30 ! = 6 or 7
3 teams lost : oilers . new teams : ravens , titans , texans , jags , panthers	technically we lost the browns for a bit , too . and gained the browns . at what benefit , though ... still not sure .

1 patrick stewart lost all his hair at 18 and believed that no woman would ever be interested in him again	and look at him now . married to a lovely woman half his age .
2 her buns are the best !	pics for science ?
3 http://i.imgur.com/R86A9EO.gif	his knees look like his head .

1 eric clapton was / is a racist asshole	you know that gandhi was a racist prick at one point ? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mohandas_Karamchand_Gandhi#Racism_and_controversy
2 i think gandhis whole campaign for civil rights in south africa began because he didn't want to be treated like a black person anymore , he had no problem with	nobody is perfect , but the little guy did a lot of good . oh , in his later years , he slept with naked young girls to test his

1 dick cheney flunked out of college twice , was convicted of two dwis , received two draft deferments and shot a texas attorney .	so your saying there's a chance ?
2 i desperately want to make love to a schoolboy ... err	who are these sick people ?

1 the music video for the song " buddy holly " by weezer was included with windows 95 .	i remember this being the first video of significant length i ever saw on a computer screen
2 this and sega cd's night trap .	don't forget sewer shark .

1 rick astley has earned almost no money from rickrolling , receiving only $ 12 in royalties .	really can't believe the neck of some people . here is the [ real ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ ) interview .

1 the uk justice system continues to protect the privacy of a man who , at the age of 10 , kidnapped , tortured and murdered a 2 year old .	i mean , i understand the first time him being a minor and all and people hoped he got help during that time , but why the fuck would they

1 shakira was banned from her school choir because her music teacher didn ’ t think she could sing and ' sounded like a goat '	and she was right .

1 if you drink too much grape soda , your poop will turn blue .	black people poop blue .
2 came to this thread looking for this comment , i am thoroughly amused .	honestly , i only posted it because i came here looking for it and didn't see it . i had to return stability to the universe .

1 when mr . t was serving in the army , his platoon sergeant punished him by ordering him to chop down trees . however , he did not specify how	mk taught me that

1 in 1959 , the washington redskins were the only holdout in approving the application for the expansion dallas cowboys . needing the vote to be unanimous , the cowboys bought	every self respecting dallas fan should know this already . it's the entire reason that the rivalry between dallas and washington is so strong .
2 same for any redskins fan . ugh , can't believe i'm agreeing with you . gross	true , i should have stated dallas or redskins fan . my apologizes . i apologized to a redskins fan ... also gross
3 this is disgusting and unnatural . it goes against god's will and should be outlawed , it's in the bible .	no one was talking to you , giants fan

1 when general motors unveiled the camaro name in 1966 , automotive press asked chevrolet product managers , “ what is a camaro ? ” and were told it was “	honda brought out a superbike called the blackbird so suzuki named their rival bike the hayabusa , which is a hawk that eats blackbirds .
2 so it's not japanese for organ donor ?	never say that in / r / motorcycles if you value your life .
3 as a member , i'll agree . the ' busa is a horrible motorcycle . it is bought generally by people who want to feel like the alpha . they	busas aren't horrible . they're not as great in turns as some other hypers but that's it . you just don't like the stereotype you've created in your head of

1 due to the always uncertain future of futurama , there has been three designated series finales .	[ this would have been a better link ... ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Futurama#Cancellation_and_revival )
2 every time i click on a til link , its at the wrong part of the page .	it's because til stops you from posting a link that's been posted before . linking to a different section of a wikipedia page lets you bypass this ban . so

1 the first high heeled shoes were worn by egyptian butchers to help them walk above the blood and gore .	i can't help but laugh , picturing a butcher in six inch stilettos . haha .

1 alan moore created rorschach of the watchmen as an insult to steve ditko's similar characters the question and mr . a , calling ditko's objectivist philosophies " laughable . "	i can like a character and still see they are looney . i did not miss the point . also , the issue with rorschach's background story is a symmetrical

1 a hacker leaked half life 2 ' s source code and maps pre-release . in order to catch him , gabe tricked the hacker into thinking valve wanted to hire	you just now learned this ? are you 13 years old ?
2 this is reddit , so yeah , he probably is .	false , 13 year olds are relatively rare on reddit , 0-17 year olds only make up 5 % of reddits demographic according to doubleclick , compared to 25 %
3 some of the til topics just make me facepalm . like " til canada invaded part of the us in the war of 1812 ! ! " i swear ,	... i hate to say i didn't know this . however , my ap world history class barely touched on the us , american studies 2 was after the war

1 the last surviving tommy of ww1 died aged 111 years , 1 month , 1 week , 1 day	what is a tommy ? is this a british ?
2 british soldier of ww1 + ww2 era	got it . i think we had joes .
3 americans were yanks germans were fritz or krauts japanese were nips thats all i know :)	americans were also called " dough boys " in wwi .

1 when former president teddy roosevelt died in his sleep in 1919 , thomas r . marshall , the sitting vice-president , said " death had to take roosevelt sleeping ,	http://i.imgur.com/UxaxEYS.png
2 god bless this great nation .	extremely relevant username !

1 there was an all girl band that would throw a ' golden condom ' to the audience , and whoever got it , male or female , was taken backstage	found this image of [ rockbitch performing ] ( http://www.corbisimages.com/images/Corbis-AAKA002293.jpg?size=67&uid=69551798-ec1c-4bbd-a4c6-c4f626958c6d )

1 at the height of shirley temple's popularity there was a rumor that she was not a child , but a 30 - year-old dwarf . the rumor was so prevalent	imagine this in a modern context . like they sent someone to investigate the [ stevie wonder isn't blind theory ] ( http://theconcourse.deadspin.com/stevie-wonder-is-not-blind-the-evidence-1641795715 ) .
2 i mean , i'm don't think he can see , but honestly , wtf is he taking a picture for ? the circumstances or that must be odd .	[ for proof ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proof_%281991_film%29 )

1 microsoft released the critical update notification tool for win 98 , but then changed the name to critical update notification utility to avoid using the unfortunate acronym	just put a space after the first u and cunu literally spells " naked ass " in portuguese .
2 it reminds me of the 30 rock episode where they were trying to come up with a name for a mini-microwave but the names they come up with are always	saw that on comedy central yesterday .

1 if your phone's gps tracks going over 1,000 mph , it legally is required to deactivate as it probably means it's being used to guide a missile .	some people don't know the difference between knots and miles .
2 you don't know the difference between miles and miles per hour	errr ... what ? how the hell is that a response to my post ? it doesn't even make sense .

1 wd - 40 is not patent protected . this avoids completely disclosing its ingredients , making it harder for companies to mimic .	same goes for coca cola .
2 but don't we know coke's formula ... the ingredients are listed on the can .	no we don't . their secret ingredients are lumped under " natural ingredients " or something like that .
3 [ coca-cola is the largest legal importer of coca leaves into the united states ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stepan_Company ) . ( guess " natural ingredients " looks more legit than "	they are also the largest buyer of phosphoric acid

1 rapper ice-t served four years in the army , was a squad leader for the 25th infantry division and received an honorable discharge	he has definitely had a fascinating career . i remember being incredulous that he was added to svu but now , years later , he is easily the most believable
2 no love for munch ? by far my favourite character .	if you want more munch , check out homicide : life on the street . he's a main character . ( not just the actor , but the character [
3 it astounds me , personally , that people would not know munch is from homocide . but then i remembered that it started in 93 and ended in 99 .	it saddens me , personally , that not many people remember [ brink and belzer ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Belzer#Radio ) .

1 the typical tax evader in the united states is a male under the age of 50 in the highest tax bracket and with a complicated return , and the most	church being the biggest tax dodge . im not surprised .

1 axl rose's original concept for the sweet child o ' mine music video was to depict a drug trafficker carrying her child into a foreign country . it would then	in an interview with slash , vunderslash admitted that the sweet child of mine riff was simply an exercise he was playing through for fun while the band chilled out
2 and the " where do we go now ? " parts were because when they got to that part while rehearsing it , one of the members said " where	and apparently , the reason he repeats it a bunch is because he couldn't think of anything that fit better .

1 to randomise a deck of 52 - cards properly you should shuffle it at least 7 times .	after yesterday's ' very-large-number'-related posts about ipv 6 , i wonder if there is any link between 128 - bit encryption and the exceedingly large number of combinations possible in
2 [ this many ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=52 ! ) different combinations in a 52 card deck .	yes there are . still wondering if there's any link * of any sort * between these two numbers .
3 yeah , i realized as i was posting my comment that you didn't really ask for that number , but too late , i did * * * math !	heh , now you have to tell me which tool you used to do the math :) i don't know if i ever learned now to calculate a factorial the

1 over 90 % of pregnancies in the united kingdom and europe with a diagnosis of down syndrome are terminated .	> when non pregnant people are asked if they would have a termination if their fetus tested positive 23 – 33 % said yes quite a discrepancy there .
2 when i was in high school , in our " social issues " class , we were asked if we'd choose to abort if we found out our unborn child	looks like 90 % agree with you

1 earth's rotation is slowing at a rate of approximately 17 milliseconds a century , and the length of a day for the dinosaurs was closer to 22 hours .	so in just about 23 million years we'll have a 25 hour day .
2 25 hour fitness	25 hour energy .
3 13 o'clock	lousy smarch weather ?

1 the chemical name for titin is approximately 189,819 letters long and can take over three hours to pronounce .	same goes for a lot of proteins .
2 why ?	iupac names are long , because they not only tell you what it is ( eg sugar ) but also if you have never ever encountered that substance , you
3 iupac names don't describe the three-dimensional structures , especially for conformationally flexible larger molecules .	if it did , that would get * really * fun for naming proteins

1 all unreleased kennedy assassination documents are scheduled to be released to the public by 2017 , twenty-five years after the passage of the jfk records act . among the items	i bet more than a few historical authors will have books prepared based on things they think the 1,171 documents show that can be quickly edited to be released within
2 " it's quite obvious looking back that " [ ] oswald was acting alone [ ] jack ruby put oswald up to it then took him out [ ] johnson	[ ] oops sorry guys , if was totally an accident . the new secret service dude let off his weapon by accident
3 out of all the documentaries i've watched , this is the theory i believe the most .	same here . of all the jfk related posts recently , i'm continuously surprised that i haven't seen it come up in the comments until this thread .

1 napoleon always spoke french with a corsican accent , and never learned to write french properly .	" dammit napoleon , can't you talk normally ? " " corsican ! "

1 after arriving in los angeles at 19 , a broke charlize theron tried to cash a check from her mother to pay for rent , but the teller refused .	damn this is the til for me for charlize : she grew up on her parents ' farm in benoni , near johannesburg . on 21 june 1991 , theron's
2 and now shes with sean pen , sweet irony .	she dated the singer from third eye blind for a while . dude was my idol for a couple years in junior high .

1 billionaire j . paul getty refused to pay $ 17m ransom for his kidnapped grandson . when the teenager's severed ear arrived , he agreed $ 3m but only paid	you don't get to be very rich by giving money away .
2 * buy him out boys *	[ the buyout of compu-global-hyper-mega-net ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1Q4fa.jpg )

1 how pop rocks are made . this sizzling sound comes from 600psi air pockets in the candy .	add these to a bj for epic win . . .
2 that sounds painful ...	its only painfully sticky and inconvenient ...

1 the nazis kidnapped hundreds of thousands of polish children they deemed to be racially superior , and forcibly germanized them . only 10-15 % were ever returned .	the us does this to native american children .

1 patrick stewart lost his hair at 18 due to alopecia	it's really because he's too awesome for hair . it's true look it up .

1 for over an hour on february 7th 2008 , comcast accidentally broadcast porn instead of cartoon network in nashville , tennessee . in another incident , comcast replaced disney channel	the dream of many , the reality of few .

1 nearly 200 years before turducken became popular , there was the rôti sans pareil : a bustard stuffed with a turkey-goose-pheasant-chicken-duck-guinea fowl-teal-woodcock-partridge-plover-lapwing-quail-thrush-lark-ortolan-bunting and garden warbler , the last being just	better known as the busturgoophchidufowtealcockridgeplapquaithlarklanbuntler
2 you forgot the olive .	you don't include the olive in the name because it's not poultry .

1 over 2000 years ago , eratosthenes estimated the earth's circumference using good old math , without ever leaving egypt , and he was accurate to within 2 %	i read this in cosmos as a teenager and pronounced it wrong for years . one of those words you only read and never hear spoken aloud ... air-uh-tos-ta-nees ;)

1 : that one of my favorite cartoons growing up , batman : the animated series , won four emmys	the definitive version of the batman universe in my opinion .

1 the yiddish author sholem aleichem — " the jewish mark twain " — had a mortal fear of the number 13 , which he always wrote as " 12a .	i wonder why " 12a " , and not " 12 + 1 " or " 14-1 " or something like that ?

1 the character of the janitor in scrubs was originally intended to just be a figment of jd's imagination .	mind blown

1 a pizza with bacon and egg on it is a common offering at australian pizza places .	australian here , what the fuck ?

1 1930 ' s starlet hedy lamarr invented a new technology to stop nazi's from jamming navy torpedoes , but the idea was rejected until 1962 and implemented during the cold	he was also a pretty crooked and manipulative state attorney general . oh , wait .
2 i didn't get a " harrumph " out of that guy !	give the governor " harrumph " !

1 suge knight's girlfriend who was about to testify against him disappeared and hasn't been found since 2008 . when all charges were cleared suge knight said " god is good	suge knight got knocked the fuck out 4 months ago but since that day are you shook of him there gonna be more payback for 2pac and biggie whoever knocked
2 > suge knight got knocked unconscious a little more then 4 months ago . it appears since the day in question , the party responsible is scared for his safety	thank you , this was necessary .

1 - there is a 1 % chance that the planet mercury will collide with venus due to gravitational interactions from jupiter ...	- there is a chance for any celestial body to collide with another celestial body . who knew ? ! ?
2 every possibility will eventually be realized	impossible : there is an infinite number of ways the universe might end , but only one of them will be realized .

1 the year 2000 was an incredibly rare leap year that only happens once every 400 years . most people didn't even notice .	i think the fact that it was a millennium , which only happens once every 1000 years , overshadowed it .

1 nearly 200 years before turducken became popular , there was the rôti sans pareil : a bustard stuffed with a turkey-goose-pheasant-chicken-duck-guinea fowl-teal-woodcock-partridge-plover-lapwing-quail-thrush-lark-ortolan-bunting and garden warbler , the last being just	also that the cooking method used for the likes of these multi-stuffed , multi-meat , multimate concoctions is called engastration : when one animal is stuffed inside the gastric passage
2 lets hope animals never evolve to sentience or we might have to obscure our opulent cooking history .	i don't think you're using the word " sentience " right ...

1 one of the originally pitched names for hannah montana was alexis texas .	maybe in some weird parallel universe alexis texas became the disney character and hannah montana became the pornstar . it wouldn't be that weird though because i'm sure some people
2 there's a reason why that michelle bachman parody she did on snl was on snl's front page for like 8 months following the original air . hot as fuck with	[ link for the curious ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/10/06/snl-miley-cyrus-michele-bachmann-we-cant-stop_n_4051760.html )
3 somebody needs to edit this and take out all the male ass shaking , i felt weird being aroused and disgusted at the same time	ted haggard , is that you ?

1 the world's oldest living person has never smoked , consumed alcohol , partied , worn makeup , or dyed her hair , and she sleeps about ten hours a day	quality over quantity . i wouldn't want to live a life like that

1 roller coaster tycoon was programmed by one guy . in assembly .	that part's amazing , but this part a little bit further down is just depressing : > a feature length movie adaptation is set to begin production , as sony
2 hey remember that game that you liked in your childhood ? we're gunna make it into a movie ... whats that ? wrong game ? how about this one ?	yeah i don't get it either . why they bothered to make fucking * battleship * before something as obvious as perfect dark ( or a million other examples )
3 the fact that you can buy the board game based off the movie based off the board game . that's farking brilliant .	street fighter : the movie , the game .

1 blu-ray discs hold more data because the laser is actually blue , which has as shorter wavelength than red and can read more accurately , allowing for more storage	diffraction , yo .

1 weird al yankovic has asked permission from prince to parody his songs on numerous occasions , and has always been refused . when the two were assigned to sit in	: prince is kind of a douche
2 ever listened to kevin smith's [ prince story ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gy_cLJ19HMg ) ( warning : long ) ? edit : the video is part 1 of 4 .	i think it's understood at this point if kevin smith said something it's going to be unreasonably longer than you would ever expect .
3 oh god . in one of his q & as he starts it out by saying he's going to get through a lot of questions today . he got through	oh man i love smith but that q and a where he rambled on about the church protesting dogma for 2 hours was brutal

1 the first animal to ask an existential question was from a parrot named alex . he asked what color he was , and learned that it was " grey "	here he is : https://youtu.be/7yGOgs_UlEc
2 why do they let alex peck at every item they display to him ? is it like letting a dog sniff the back of your hand before petting it ?	sort of . parrots mouths are just how they examine things . it's like ... a specially adapted hand with extra senses attached .

1 nowhere in the bible does it say that mary magdalene was a prostitute or even overtly sexual .	it does say she was " sinful " and " seven demons went out of her " though . but yeah , not necessarily anything to do with sex .
2 i was just working on a documentary about her ( which is how i learned this til ) and they had a priest on who said " yes , it	take nyquil , the cure for the common demon

1 wd - 40 is not patent protected . this avoids completely disclosing its ingredients , making it harder for companies to mimic .	same goes for coca cola .
2 but don't we know coke's formula ... the ingredients are listed on the can .	a teaspoon of each .

1 timeline of european flags	denmark's claim to fame .. oldest flag , yay .

1 in a 1973 issue of the amazing spider-man , spider-man saves his girlfriend , gwen stacy , from falling to her death by shooting a web down to catch her	dr . octopus kills peter parker in the last amazing spiderman issue 700 . they actually switch bodies , peter dying in octavius's , resulting in a new series superior
2 i feel like that entire comment was just a setup for the uncle ben joke .	nope . just preventitive measures against that one crying toby mcguire image macro

1 the chinese government encouraged two basketball players ( a 7ft man and 6 ' 3 " woman ) to marry and produce a child who would become a dominant athlete	so much for keeping our secrets up high .

1 " to learn who rules over you , simply find out who you are not allowed to criticize . " is not a quote from voltaire . it comes from	that doesn't make the quote any less true
2 so we're ruled over by the disabled and meryl streep ?	we're ruled over by the blacks and gays ? - written by m . night shyamalan

1 not one justin bieber single , song , or promotional single on which he was a lead singer or featured artist has ever reached a peak position of # 1	it's not really an insult if it also applies to over 99 % of the world

1 a women fabricated a story about being on the 78th floor of the south wtc after it was hit . she became the president of the wtc survivors network .	it takes all kinds . [ fake holocaust survivers . ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2008/12/29/books/29hoax.html?pagewanted=all )

1 lego has no military related sets because the inventor's policy was to not want to make war seem like child's play	but you know , middle aged warfare is cool ... and pirates ...

1 david spade did not attend his close friend chris farley's funeral because he " could not be in a room where chris was in a box . "	been there .. hard to accept your good friend is dead . when the people who killed him are in the room ! fck !
2 ?	" fck ! " means " fuck ! " . shocking huh ? a clandestine effort to curse on the internet using cryptic code language .

1 weird al's parents both died on the same day of carbon monoxide poisoning . only hours later , he performed a concert and started by saying " since my music	right in the feels ..

1 president hoover and his wife both spoke mandarin chinese and would use it in the white house to foil eavesdroppers	i could only imagine the things people would say if the obamas started speaking mandarin to each other .
2 you know he was born in hainan right ?	this guy makes a decently funny joke and no one gets it haha .
3 explain ?	birther joke . statement is in same vain as " obama was born in kenya " .

1 today i learned that nobody knows whether " south " in new south wales means " new wales " in the south or a new " south wales "	im going with " new wales " in the south , also have you seen the " who's the captain " sketch from * that mitchell and webb look *
2 that is a great sketch ! really the first time it actually made me think of the progeny of the name new south wales .	prog · e · ny / ˈpräjənē / noun : a descendant or the descendants of a person , animal , or plant ; offspring : " the progeny of

1 during a pledge drive , a dj at a portland , or radio station promised that the station would never play " stairway to heaven " again if someone made	[ no stairway ... denied . ] ( http://img.pandawhale.com/94144-no-stairway-to-heaven-denied-g-okxD.gif )
2 it bugs me that on the home release he isn't playing stairway at any point .	must've been some copyright issue .
3 it was . from the [ trivia section on imdb ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0105793/trivia ) > the " stairway to heaven " guitar riff was changed for the international , cable	could they not cut it down to one or two notes ?

1 there is a photograph in the virtual museum of canada dated from 1941 where a man in modern clothes is thought to be a time traveler and is given the	beatnick

1 jonathan ive , the chief designer at apple , has a private lab that only his team and top apple executives are allowed into . it is so secret that	genius - this guy gets work to pay for his " man-cave " and uses that as an excuse to get some quiet time .

1 80 % of black smokers smoke menthols	i would have guessed it was much higher ...

1 actor and comedian rob riggle was a marine for 23 years , was a lieutenant colonel , and has received a combat award for his service in kosovo , afghanistan	kansas city is proud of their native son !

1 cindy crawford went to northwestern on a chemical engineering scholarship	alright , as an nu alum i finally have an icebreaker for when i meet cindy !

1 about the " goblin shark " which has only been seen around 50 times since discovery in 1897	reminds me of the jaguar shark .

1 after reading the script to schindler's list , composer john williams said to spielberg " you need a better composer " to which spielberg replied " i know , but	john williams better get to work on star wars episodes vii-ix . it just won't be the same without his music .
2 well if that doesn't work out they could get [ randy newman ] ( http://newmansings.ytmnd.com/ ) ...	in all honestly , they could get harry gregson-williams . possibly hans zimmer , since he's done work for disney in the past .

1 the father of the modern olympics won one gold medal . in literature . for writing a poem about sports .	if you just learned this you should check out nobel , who established the eponymous peace prize . he made nitroglycerin , dynamite and smokeless gunpowder . he armed early

1 in 1991 during a period of only six weeks 5 classic modern rock albums were released : metallica's black album , pearl jam's ten , guns n'roses ' use your	nirvana , chili peppers , metallica , and pearl jam are classic rock now ? damn ...
2 given the influence those bands have had on modern artists i would say yes . nirvana was the first album my dad bought , he was 12 or 13 and	your dad ? fuck i'm old .

1 hugh laurie realised he had severe clinical depression after seeing two cars collide and explode in front of him , which caused him to be neither excited nor frightened ,	if i remember correctly , it was in a demolition derby for charity or something , and he realized that he was surrounded by lots of cars crashing into each
2 i think a lot of people would be bored in the same situation .	yeah this is like me not crying at a funeral and deciding i'm a psychopath .
3 downvoted for not knowing difference between sociopathy and psychopathy .	you know sophomore means wise fool ? anyone who knows anything knows that one of the biggest fuck ups in academic writing is people saying you use his word instead

1 during a roman triumph , which were rare , spectacular parades commemorating the honor awarded to a victorious roman general by the senate , a slave would have to accompany	rare ? o_o

1 rocko from rocko's modern life was voiced by carlos alazraqui aka deputy garcia from reno 911 !	mind = blown .

1 johnny depp , jude law , and colin farrell gave their entire salaries from the movie " the imaginarium of doctor parnassius " to heath ledger's daughter .	watch that movie on shrooms

1 germany ( 223 goals ) has surpassed brazil ( 221 goals ) as the nation scroing the most goals at all world cups .	and then i'm looking at italy and rage how they got one title more with scoring almost 100 less goals ...

1 matt damon and ben affleck inserted an oral sex scene between the two professors in good will hunting to see which studio executives actually read the script . harvey weinstein	http://i.imgur.com/et4naKC.gifv
2 for some reason i don't remember a scene with him rifling through tons of papers . what movie was that in ?	fellowship of the ring .

1 " whilst " is considered pretentious and archaic .	well , in america / canada . not the place it's used most , which is britain .
2 it's used in canada , too .	i was just referring to the article which said : " in american english and canadian english , whilst is considered to be pretentious or archaic . " op's wording
3 i understand . i'm an aficcionado of quaint language , myself , so i'm a very poor example of vulgar usage ;-)	canadians using " whilst " was more of a til for me , so thank you !

1 joe foss , a wwii congressional medal of honor recipient , was nearly not permitted to board a flight in 2002 at age 86 because airport security didn't know what	" we just have to check ya aaassshole . "

1 weird al yankovic has asked permission from prince to parody his songs on numerous occasions , and has always been refused . when the two were assigned to sit in	real dick move prince , even mj gave his blessing ... settles that argument ...
2 how is it a dick move ?	he doesn't need prince permission , it's parody , it's more of a courtesy , to go out of your way to make sure the guy doesn't look at you

1 walt disney world is the largest consumer of fire works in the united states.the park also launches the fireworks with compressed air instead of gunpowder to reduce fumes and gain	i can see the disneyland fireworks each night , shit gets real old real quick
2 pretty much every firework gets old quick , even if you see them once every year . not much you can add to spruce up one .	lsd
3 combined with whipits	yeah ... no

1 bill paxton is the only actor to be killed by a terminator , alien and predator .	were i he , i would go for sith lord next .

1 despite having a net worth of over $ 50 billion , ikea founder ingvar kamprad still drives a ' 93 volvo . he also recycles tea bags and takes salt	[ the car in question ] ( http://i.imgur.com/YSONK9t.jpg )
2 honest to god , if i was a billionaire i'd have a fucking fleet of those things . 240dl wagons , 242s ( 242gts especially , the ultra-rare flat-top edition	i love the old volvos , especially the p1800 . but , i would personally drive around in a merc 1987 300d turbo diesel . that way i could get

1 venus rotates clockwise . the rest of the planets rotate anti-clockwise .	what if we're looking at it upside down , and venus is the only one rotating counter-clockwise , and the rest are all clockwise ? o . o

1 after the sinking of the rms titanic ( 1500 lives claimed ) , a federal law was passed requiring a complete set of lifeboats . the added weight of the	jesus christ they didn't even fucking test it
2 how would you test it ?	making sure the weight of the boat could sustain added lifeboats , by comparing the weight of the lifeboats to the maximum load of the boat , and ensuring no
3 they were still at dock . where else ya gonna test ship stuff better than when its at dock ?	in theory , on paper , using math and stuff .

1 budapest was once two cities , buda and pest . they merged in 1873 .	pesht
2 i can never get an english speaker to say budapest correctly . edit : i'm not criticizing , i'm just saying it's interesting to see how a language gap makes	because the s = sh and sz = s . don't even get started on gy ...
3 it's just the truth . hungarian was my first language , and whenever it comes to saying " budapest " ( nice and relatively simple ) i have yet to	because in english s doesn't make a / ʃ / sound nor does it often follow a / t / . likewise not many people know how to say warsaw

1 some radar detectors use radar detector detector detectors to detect radar detector detectors to prevent detection	redundant radar rambling revolving around radar dectection dude

1 ... that cristiano ronaldo was expelled from school for throwing a chair at a teacher	messi wouldnt do that .
2 messi would use the chair intelligently , by standing on it to reach for his teacher's face and punch him	... three times .

1 pink was a ' guy ' color in the early 20th century , because it was derived from red .	yet another thing i learned on qi . in the same episode , i learned that " girl " used to be used basically to mean baby , not just

1 mountain dew was made to be mixed with whiskey	a drink called a snake bite : mountain dew and whiskey . racing heart and heartburn all in one . never again .

1 castration prevents male pattern baldness if it is done before hair is lost	as a bald man with testicles , i'm ok with being bald .
2 baldness is testosterone overload . it's the most manly thing your body can do . it also may protect against prostate cancer . http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/health/8569826.stm don't be jealous of those who	what about chuck norris ?
3 what about her ?	gold him ^ ^

1 the state of washington was originally named columbia , but , in order to prevent confusion with the district of columbia , its name was changed to washington	yea , that won't confuse anyone .

1 in 1963 at age 11 , kurt russell starred in a movie with elvis presley . 16 years later , a 27 - year-old russell played elvis in a tv	i've read that he was the last person walt disney ever spoke to and no one knows what he told him .
2 actually it says that the last words walt disney wrote was " kurt russell " and no one knows the context .	i've read that he thought that kurt was a prodigy and a sign of things to come . considering kurt's prolific career that followed , disney may have been right

1 , on his deathbed , aldous huxley asked his wife for acid and she obliged him .	talk about a bad trip . doing acid while i'm about to die ? no fucking thanks .

1 the last us president to speak a foreign language fluently was fdr	it's argued that dumb ol ' dubya is actually around 70 % fluent in spanish - - his brother jeb is fluent . and are you gonna tell me that
2 obama speaks passable indonesian , from what i've heard .	i'd expect him to be fluent seeing as the [ president of indonesia is obama too . ] ( http://i.imgur.com/7hglgFP.jpg )

1 when the nazi party held its first book burnings , one of the works destroyed was an 1821 play by heinrich heine containing the famous line : " where they	* and in other elementary-education news ... *

1 john bonhan , drummer for led zeppelin died after drinking 40 shots of vodka in a single day . he started the day with 4 quadruple vodkas for breakfast	were you drinking when you spelt john bonham ?

1 danny green's dad is / was a drug lord ( arrested for 462 lb of cocaine )	: [ lionel richie is a drug lord ] ( http://i.imgur.com/n7zyeRp.png )

1 has antimicrobial properties that reduce the viability of bacteria and fungus in the human ear .	wait , is drying your ear with a q-tip after taking a shower bad ?

1 after it was found a black girl was fabricating a gang rape allegation , al sharpton accused the prosecutor of being a racist , and stated the prosecutor was one	ama request : al sharpton :-D

1 sean avery is such a douche , he has his own rule in the nhl	i remember this happening , and i didn't really understand the outrage . distracting the goalie is an accepted tactic , he just figured out a more efficient way to
2 it doesn't matter now , he will be remembered as a douche , and brodeur will go down as one of the greatest goalies ever , if not the greatest	i'll remember him as one of the , if not the , most overrated goalies in the history of the game . while a good goalie , he benefited so

1 a cosmonaut travelled 0,02 seconds into the future thanks to time dilation .	this is just incorrect .

1 a man in nebraska is breeding red cows and sending them to israel in hopes of a pure red heifer being born there ; such an event will allegedly prompt	this is relevant in a michael chabon novel , * the yiddish policemen's union . * granted , it's not christians that are up to it there , but it's
2 brilliant book . no surprise though that all the top comments yammer on about south park . it's a shame the movie adaptation the coen brothers were making never came	best non essential tidbit in that alternative history setting : orson welles ' heart of darkness movie adaptation got made . omg how come i had never heard of it
3 just watch apocalypse now	i have .. ... many times ... saigon ... shit .

1 when mr . t was serving in the army , his platoon sergeant punished him by ordering him to chop down trees . however , he did not specify how	modern day paul bunyan .

1 the original price is right gave a contestant a real elephant as a gag prize , and planned later to give the winner $ 4,000 instead . the winner complained	i guess the simpsons didn't do it first this time .

1 : carrie fisher made george lucas give her a copy of the star wars christmas special . she now plays it at the end of parties when she wants everyone	wow , carrie fisher is able to get people to her house ?
2 remember this was back in the 80s ,	the article said she made him give her a copy or she wouldn't record her dvd commentary ... so it wasn't the 80s surprisingly .
3 remember this was back in the 00s	ah , yes , i remember those days . before the dark times . before facebook . embedded music files on myspace . . . an elegant weapon , for

1 today is international caps lock day .	double tap shift on ios for caps lock . you're welcome .

1 pornstar sunny leone dated comedian russel peters and his " dating a pornstar " set ( in comments ) is actually about her .	finding out that russel peters thinks the moon landing was a hoax kinda ruined his comedy for me .

1 during filming of " super mario bros . " bob haskins ( mario ) and john leguizamo ( luigi ) were so unhappy working on what they knew to be	man i loved this movie . zero fucks given that it was terrible . " hand out the devolution guns ! "
2 haha , i came here to say that i'm sad to be the only person who loved this movie . i'm glad to know there is another .	the beauty of mario is its simplicity . you run and jump . the end . [ this is what this movie should look like ] ( https://38.media.tumblr.com/8f777b38779febe08ce8332c57c4765d/tumblr_mw5i0fCFGL1qbyxr0o1_400.gif ) .

1 as pandas are biologically carnivorous and derive little energy from bamboo , they eat between 20 and 30 pounds of bamboo a day . consequently , they also defecate up	the only reason pandas didn't go extinct yet is because we humans perceive them to be cute .
2 its those dam big black eye spots . makes them look infantile and adorable .	brb giving myself 2 black eyes
3 [ did it work ? am i cute now ? ] ( http://i.imgur.com/muXe4.jpg )	post in [ / r / aww ] ( / r / aww )

1 40 percent of all wikipedia vandalism is detected by a single bot . it has only 0.1 % false positives .	0.1 % false positives sounds great until you are one of a thousand people being asked to take a lie-detector test in a rape investigation .

1 when the mona lisa was stolen in 1911 pablo picasso was a suspect	why would he steal his own painting ?
2 leonardo divinci painted the mona lisa ...	wasn't it salvador dali ?
3 it wasn't jackson pollack ?	i thought it's vincent van gogh ?

1 the french philosopher voltaire said , " canada [ is ] a country covered with snows and ices eight months of the year , inhabited by barbarians , bears and	what an idiot ... ... it's covered by snows and ices 9 months of the year . other than that , spot on .
2 edmontonian here i kept track of snow days last year . we had 6.5 months of snow . get it right voltaire .	suncore says that their green house gas shield will give us a 5 and a half month winter next year

1 the town of harrogate , uk has been ranked as the highest per capita hazardous drinkers and pornography watchers in britain , but also the happiest .	correlation does not imply causation , but i think here it's no coincidence

1 the winner of tour de france has been positive for doping 40 times in the past 53 years .	there isn't too much natural about riding your bike over 2,000 miles in 21 days
2 you raise a valid point .	the older tour like in the 50 ' s and 60s were even worse ! ! 14 days but 300 + km a day
3 in the older tours , they would also stop for lunch , and have quite copious meals of the local specialties , including wine .	i'd like to participate in a tour like that .

1 the oldest living person smoked cigarettes from the age of 21 to 117	as a smoker , i urge caution when reading too far into this . she essentially played the lottery and won . don't pick up smoking thinking you'll be like
2 those are good odds for any greek .	did you just get philosophical up in this club with rational calculations ?

1 in 2007 richard hammond left his porsche 911 stuck in traffic to run 16 miles home in 2.5 hours for his daughters birthday . awesome .	way to fuck up the traffic even more , rich .
2 as someone else noted down below ... there was flooding and his car ( along with many others ) was put on the side of the road to be picked	[ original ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/gtjy9/til_in_2007_richard_hammond_left_his_porsche_911/c1q704h )

1 there is a theory called the big bang that states 13.82 billion years ago all matter in our universe was held at one point until it expanded	today i learned that i am an animal called a human being !

1 the shroud of turin has nothing to do with jesus - it's been comprehensively radiocarbon dated to the medieval period .	plot twist : it does ! http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2013/03/30/shroud-turin-display/2038295/
2 http://shroudstory.com/2013/04/04/a-critical-review-of-giulio-fantis-new-book-unreliable-results-because-of-inadequacy-of-methods/ there's an article giving some explanation of the methods used in the most recent dating . it is an interesting read . it gives more information than the usatoday	cool thanks !

1 there was an american musician in the 1970s who sold very few records in the us , so he quit music and became a demolition worker ; in 1998 ,	this man wrote some good stuff . south africa knows whats up .

1 dr . francis m . fesmire won the 2006 ig nobel prize in medicine for discovering how to cure the hiccups with rectal massage .	hey , can you check my prostate while you're up there ?

1 when george washington died , napoleon ordered 10 days of mourning in france	on a related note , lafayette gave george washington the key to the bastille after it was stormed , and it remains in mt . vernon .
2 after which washington told the french their revolution was none of america's business .	wasn't lafayette supporting the crown ?

1 there's no archeological evidence of ancient jews being enslaved by , and later escaping , egyptian rule .	jew here . i thought that this was common knowledge .
2 atheist here . i wish this were common knowledge .	why do i have you res tagged as " pettyfogger ? "
3 is it because you hate america ?	am i going to get ndaa'd if i make an admission ?

1 : streetlight manifesto dislikes victory records so much , that they will not release an album that is finished under said label . and if they have to , they	a lot of the videos and concert news i've heard indicates there cd is finished . but they will not release it under victory if they can avoid it .

1 darrell from " storage wars " once found a dead body in a unit .	what the fuck this dave character doesn't sell the guns ? ! there could be some awesome pieces ! fucker having them destroyed what a twat .
2 there's all sorts of complicated laws surrounding the sale of firearms from storage lockers ; i probably wouldn't want to deal with the hassle .	all you have to do is call in to your local cops say ' hey i have a serial number here that i need to verify isn't stolen . oh

1 george lucas gave mel brooks his blessing to make spaceballs on the condition that no action figures be made , as they could be confused with actual star wars toys	take 40 procent and let them make the toys

1 coca-cola deliberately designed tab clear to fail , in order to tarnish the public perception of pepsi's rival clear soda and ultimately sink both products .	http://cdn.meme.li/i/pfwxc.jpg

1 during the siege of leningrad in wwii , 9 soviet scientists died of starvation while protecting the world's largest seed bank , refusing to eat what they saw as their	for a second there i thought seed bank = sperm bank .. glad i was wrong
2 c-mb-x take a guess .	we really need to forget that this wretched abomination ever existed .
3 let's forget of all of this and enjoy some jolly rancher .	god damnit

1 the earliest piece of great literature , the epic of gilgamesh , includes a story in which gilgamesh is told to build a ship to save the animals of the	epic flood stories are very common in many cultures .
2 when i was in church that was used as evidence that the flood actually happened .	it may be evidence that a flood actually happened , but a worldwide flood ? there was no culture with a worldwide reach at the time , so how would
3 the argument is saying that since so many cultures , from so many parts of the world share a similar story about a cataclysmic flood it's evidence that there might	that would have been impossible , because the world was flat and the water would have drained off the edges .

1 john hughes shot the breakfast club and ferris bueller ’ s day off back to back to save money . he also used the same crew and sets , including	hey , you know what would be cool and would get someone a lot of karma ? if you assembled a side-by-side compilation of scenes showing these same backdrops and

1 nato was never involved in any conflict until the cold war was over . now its already conflict # 6	no shit , you mean to tell me , in a totally shocking revelation , that no one wanted to start a fight that could have ended in nukes in

1 today i learned shirley temple is still alive , and was the u . s ambassador to both ghana and czechoslovakia .	does anyone else think that picture of her's is hot ?

1 until 1966 the catholic church had a list of forbidden books which aimed to protect the faith of followers by preventing the reading of " immoral " books of authors	how come descartes was banned i would of thought his ideas on dualism leading onto the ontological argument for god would be exactly what they want people to read .

1 i can't stand michelle rodriguez , but reading her own words re : her career makes me hate her a little less .	i think she's just a professional through and through . true her characters are usually horribly written and often caricatures of what hollywood writers think empowered women are . she

1 the us military has a secret , nearly silent type of velcro which reduces the ripping noise by over 95 %	i call bullshit , i have to wash my husbands uniforms and we both agree that the velcro is loud .
2 maybe they dont issue it to the every day soldier ?	they all to have the standard acu's .
3 not in afghanistan .	that would be fracu's .

1 after reading the script to schindler's list , composer john williams said to spielberg " you need a better composer " to which spielberg replied " i know , but	john williams better get to work on star wars episodes vii-ix . it just won't be the same without his music .
2 it's not going to be the same without the 20th century fox fanfare , either ...	disney did an okay job with the intro to pirates of the caribbean . they'll do something cool . i don't think they mean to fuck around . edit .
3 hans zimmer is great ( he scored pirates of the caribbean ) but he's no williams . if they can't get williams then i think the next best would be	i've been thinking that marty o'donnel would be a good substitute . but he works for bungiee so i'm not sure of it'll work

1 katie holmes chose to do mad money w / queen latifah instead of reprising her role as rachel in the dark knight .	you'd think that since nolan's batman was planned as a trilogy , the main castmembers would have signed on for a multi-movie deal .
2 this rarely happens . many actors wouldn't sign that contract . you never really know how a movie is gonna be while filming .	most the actors from the avengers franchise have signed on for like 5 films .
3 excellent point , my lord .	i don't think it was . it doesn't really prove the person wrong at all .

1 the name six flags comes from the flags of the six different nations that have governed texas	as a native texas , i'm surprised this isn't common knowledge .

1 the earth had a period called " little ice age " , that froze the new york harbor , allowing people to walk from manhattan to staten island .	also , due to the coldness , the trees during that time period adapted to the freezing cold and obtained a unique structure in their fibres . from these trees
2 why not set up climate control and grow trees ? tedious yes but there would be a market ...	because you could grow the exact same tree a few hundred miles north .

1 craig ferguson ( late late show host ) and peter capaldi ( new doctor who ) were together on a band called " the bastards from hell "	craig ferguson must be tickled , assuming he still gets on with peter capaldi .

1 gene wilder refused to watch the 2005 remake of willy wonka because he didn't want to be disappointed in johnny depp	as a kid , i could not care less about this movie . i watched it now , wilder is the * only * good part about it . the
2 i had to re-read your comment a few times . you being a young child current day and not caring about the new film , let alone even knowing of	upon reading my comment , i apologize . i am 24 and saw the older one a lot as a kid . was mostly disinterested in it .

1 at its peak , the british empire became the largest empire to have ever existed .	i thought this was pretty common knowledge ?

1 francis miller fesmire , a doctor , proposed that hiccups could be cured by massaging the asshole and won a nobel prize for it .	the title is ( obviously ) misleading . fesmire won an ignoble nobel prize . not the real noble prize . * edit the ignoble nobel prize is a form
2 op did say * * a * * nobel prize .	i said he was misleading , not wrong .

1 albert einstein and his first wife had a daughter , but no one seems to know what happened to her after she was a year old .	he was always known as being absent minded .

1 thrift shop was the first song since 1994 that reached number 1 on the hot 100 chart without the support of a major record label	here we go again . time to circlejerk .

1 it ’ s illegal for drug companies to advertise to consumers almost everywhere in the world . the only exceptions are the us and new zealand .	i live in canada and see drug adverts all day so ... not true .

1 the term " derp " was coined by south park creators matt stone and trey parker .	rob schneider was proud of being made fun of by the south park creators matt stone and trey parker .
2 he should be , it's the best thing he's ever been in .	wrong sir . demolition man is .
3 was he in demolition man ? i remember him in judge dredd , but can't remember him in demolition man .	as someone who grew up reading 2000 a . d . , i'd rather not remember him being in judge dredd .

1 when genghis khan sent a trade caravan to the khwarezmid empire , the governor of one city seized it and killed the traders . genghis khan retaliated by invading the	khal drogo is real ?

1 the only upside-down stoplight in the world is in syracuse , ny because some persistent local irish kids didn't want the red ( british ) above green ( ireland )	it makes actual irish people cringe to have americans do stuff like this in the name of ireland .
2 there's more irish blood in america than there is in ireland	by volume ? also , as an irish person i would contend that unless you were born in ireland , or of direct irish parentage , you are not irish
3 or you make that difference because you feel it creates self worth , rather than a true difference .	or the difference is self evident and has feck all to do with me .

1 25 years ago on this day a us guided missile cruiser attacked a civillian iranian airliner killing all 290 passengers including 66 children . us government never apologised for this	damned if you [ do ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iran_Air_Flight_655 ) damned if you [ don't ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/USS_Stark_incident )

1 the 1992 comedy " my cousin vinny " is so well regarded in the us legal community that it is frequently used in law schools to demonstrate courtroom procedures such	as a law student , i can confirm this

1 ace ventura , the mask and dumb and dumber are all movies released in 1994 .	leon : the professional

1 any north koreans that escape to south korea are automatically granted citizenship upon arrival	yeah , thats if you manage to get there . you get caught in china trying to escape , you get sent right back to n . korea .

1 in ww2 german field marshal erwin rommel would often personally pilot a reconnaissance aircraft over the battle to view the situation . although rommel did not have a pilot's license	fieseler storch was the reconnaissance aircraft according to my husband . he finished the sentence when i read this aloud to him ! edited to add an e in fieseler
2 you should suck his dick for being so knowledgeable .	i just did .
3 pic or didn't happen .	that's where i draw the line . plus it's past tense ! can't take a pic after the fact !

1 over 90 % of pregnancies in the united kingdom and europe with a diagnosis of down syndrome are terminated .	itt : people who are unwittingly incoming eugenics / godwin's law .

1 apple used ' carl sagan ' as a codename for a computer in the 1990s . carl sagan sent apple a cease-and-desist letter , and apple changed the name to	and still the macfags suckle the iteat .
2 relax . nobody expects you to get it .	oh , no , i get it . all too well .

1 dinosaurs could not have roared because they lack a vocal system .	god damn it ... now what do i imagine the dinosaurs doing ? if they cant roar they are useless ! ! !

1 the catholic church is the largest non-governmental provider of health services in the world .	technically , they are a government …

1 john lennon was offered the role of jesus in the musical " jesus christ superstar " but would only accept on the condition that yoko played mary magdalene . the	he really didn't have the voice they needed . i assume you mean the 70s movie ? the jesus they got was badass ..

1 one of the popes was a 100 % accident . in the middle ages , cardinals would often vote for a random candidate on the first papal ballot in order	and he was a great pope . :)

1 : that during the renaissance exposed ankles were considered more risque then exposed breast .	no surprise . back then you had to breastfeed your kid or it would probably die . ankles were non functional and thus you didn't need to see them 8
2 > non functional what	gruntlings meant that women's breasts were more commonly seen than women's ankles , which would make the ankles seem " sexier " because they were taboo . also breastfeeding was

1 the actor who played lord farquaad in shrek the musical was 6 ' 2 " . he played the entire role on his knees , earning him his second tony	isn't that like black face but for midgets ?
2 no , [ this is black face for midgets . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jl6HQRq-Wtc )	i really tried liking that show but just couldn't do it . that scene is fucking great though .

1 burpham , surrey uk - motorists witnessed a car accident that had actually happened months earlier	aliens ?

1 doodling can aid a person's memory by expending enough energy to keep one from daydreaming . it acts as a mediator between the spectrum of thinking too much or thinking	doodlers also may just write more , as they spend more time with their pen on their paper . which would cause them to retain more information .

1 the catholic church considers the theory of evolution to be " virtually certain " , and believes that intelligent design " isn't science even though it pretends to be .	remember neil degrasse tyson's 3 stages of every great truth . first people deny it , second people say it conflicts with the bible , third they say they knew

1 james cameron was originally working on the prequel to the alien series ( i.e.prometheus ) in the 00 ' s but stopped when fox pursued alien vs . predator because	i have a fan theory that avatar takes place in the prometheus / alien universe , and pandora was the next place where the engineers seeded life after earth ,
2 i still want alien vs predator vs na'vi ! toss in some generic humans , kill sam worthington's unlikeable ass , crank up the cheese and you sir have one	you still want ? how long have you wanted this exactly ?

1 : after 18 + years marooned on an island , the real-life heroine the novel the island of the blue dolphins died just 7 weeks after being rescued	this was my favorite book in 3rd grade . we had an assignment where we had to make and give an award to someone in our favorite book . i

1 travis barker learned the entire 20 - song setlist for his first blink - 182 show 45 minutes before it started .	i like travis barker , and he's a great drummer ... but they're blink - 182 songs , it ain't rocket science .
2 i had that live cd they put out ... he was so behind on all the songs it really annoyed me . that album is still the soundtrack of my	" where's my asian friend ? " god , i thought those in-between-song-jokes were so funny at age 15 . they're awful .

1 : patrick stewart once single handedly performed " a christmas carol " , playing over 40 seperate characters	i remember my friend seeing this performance live and saying it was awesome .

1 coconut crabs are suspected of hiding amelia earhart's remains .	amelia earhart crashed in the pacific and not the atlantic ...

1 theo van gogh was a dutch film director . he was stabbed to death by an radical muslim who took offense to a movie theo made ( with ayaan hirsi	islam is a threat to western values of tolerance , acceptance and progressive thinking . plain and simple .

1 the theme song to m * a * s * h , titled suicide is painless , had the lyrics written by the 14 year old son of the movie's	anybody heard of tripod ? " i am the theme from mash guy , my kids are the theme from mash guy's kids , my sister is the sister of

1 homefront , a video game released in early 2011 , based on a war against a north korean global power , has so far successfully predicted both the year of	i actually enjoyed home front . it was a nice change . if they would have worked more on it , i think it would have done great

1 in the borat dvd release , choosing the hebrew language option results in a warning screen reading " you have been trapped , jew ! " which warns the viewer	i saw this movie in a packed theater in jerusalem . everyone loved it .

1 taurine , a common ingredient in energy drinks , was first isolated from the bile of an ox , but now is synthesized in labs . cat food is required	i heard it was bull spunk . i don't know which one is worse . i just know that i am not having another energy drink again .

1 the international space station is estimated to be the most expensive thing ever built ( $ 150 billion )	this is not true if you count the interstate freeway system . that is an estimated 500 billion .

1 hunter gatherers experienced far more leisure time and far fewer hours of work than members of modern industrial society	sure but if i have a bad day at work i still get to eat .
2 id still rather hinge my survival on my own ambition instead of it feeding some corporate overlord . it sucks to think this way , but we live in a	i feel like this climate of * * depression * * has been carefully crafted for us .

1 they don't actually know how we voluntarily control urination .	sometimes when i really hafta pee only a little comes out ! other times when i just have to pee normally it won't stop flowing ! urine ! wtf !

1 paul newman was #19 on nixon's political enemies list , which he claimed was his greatest accomplishment	i don't know , but if you're making an ' enemies list ' and you find yourself putting paul newman on it - chances are you fucked up really bad

1 in 2007 , serbian vandals drove a stake into former president slobodan milosevic's grave to prevent him from coming back as a vampire .	why did planting a grave with garlic never take off as a similar solution ?
2 more fun to drive a stake through a corpse's heart , if you're a high-spirited yugoslavian fella at least ! source : am 1/8 croatian edit : forgot an apostrophe	they said grave , not heart . vampires have hearts , politicans however , do not .

1 british police cars carry a teddy bear to console children after an accident	this is true in canada too .

1 in 1974 , an artist allowed her audience to use 72 objects ( ranging from a feather to a loaded gun ) on her however they wanted and she wouldn't	6 hours ? jesus , talk about nerves of steel .
2 she also sat 736 hours and 30 minutes static from march 14 to may 31 , 2010 , during the museum of modern art's open hours for her performance "	was she hooked up to an iv and a catheter or something ? how did she eat and excrete ?

1 the domino's pizza logo has 3 dots because that's how many stores there were in 1969 . they planned to add a new dot for every store that opened ,	this is what the logo would look like if they would have continued : http://imgur.com/MjAqYlV based on international numbers from third quarter of 2013 .
2 there's an 80 % chance this is total bs , but like hell am i going to count them .	i counted . it's correct based on 10,566 stores .
3 weird , i only counted 10,565 . can someone confirm ?	here's a graphic i made : http://i.imgur.com/gtGtkit.jpg

1 a shibboleth is a word that can only be said correctly by native speakers . during ww2 , american troops used the word " lollapalooza " to check unidentified people	the most impossible phrase for non-natives in a european country : [ rødgrød med fløde ] ( http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/r%C3%B8dgr%C3%B8d_med_fl%C3%B8de ) . go denmark !
2 [ hol kol nifuwll . ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/34/Da-r%C3%B8dgr%C3%B8d_med_fl%C3%B8de.ogg ) and people say * english * spelling makes no sense .	[ strč prst skrz krk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Str%C4%8D_prst_skrz_krk ) hooray consonants !
3 " stirc purst skirz kurk " next .	technically it's stirch , sorry .

1 on titan the atmosphere is so thick and the gravity so low that humans could fly through it by flapping " wings " attached to their arms .	expedition : titan . mission : film the greatest kung fu movie ever .

1 a uc davis student proposed a new si prefix " hella - " to signify one octillion , and it almost got accepted .	hella . of course this came out of northern california . source : i lived in norcal for hella years .

1 sean connery was filming a love scene when his co-star's gangster boyfriend got jealous and pulled a gun on him . connery grabbed the gun from his hand and twisted	man ... let's not gloss over the fact that this isn't just * any * gangster boyfriend . this was johnny motherfuckin stompanato . dude was a former marine and
2 think about that , now think about his stepdaughter stabbing him to death . that girl was a bamf .	bitch ass motherfucker ?

1 the entire dandilion plant is edible . 100 g of its leaves provides nearly 750 % your recommended daily intake of vitamin k , its flowers can be used to	just so we're clear , it isn't necessarily beneficial to have 7.5 times the recommended intake of vitamin k . in fact , constantly overloading your body with fat-soluble vitamins
2 fyi , phylloquinone ( vitamin k ) is fat soluble , but in its naturally-occuring forms it has no reported toxic effects in humans , even at extremely high intake	the a in plants is beta carotene

1 in malaysia , oral sex is punishable with imprisonment of 20 years maximum and whipping .	doesn't matter . had sex .

1 an experiment gave mice a utopia with social roles to all , no predators and unlimited food . after population boomed reproduction gradually stopped , they became aggressive , isolated	it's like that earlier version of the matrix

1 sweden has the highest incidence of reported rapes in europe and one of the highest in the world .	i know exactly why this is true .. the swedish women are goddesses there are very few that are below a 6 !
2 so ... attractive women should expect to be raped because of their looks ? i realize you are ( hopefully ) joking , but it's still kind of a fucked	wait a minute , suggesting girls are raped because of their beauty = acceptance of rape ?

1 wow had a " plague " that resembled a real life epidemic so much that it became the focus of a study	" the reaction of players to the plague closely resembled previously hard-to-model aspects of human behavior that may allow researchers to more accurately predict how diseases and outbreaks spread amongst
2 the fact they are studying this is a bit silly . on my realm , the plague was spread purposly by infecting a hunter's pet , dismissing it then recalling	the first ones to discover that a dismissed pet kept the disease probably did so by accident . the disease spread from there with people intentionally and unintentionally infecting others

1 jägermeister was originally intended to be cough medicine	jeez ! am i the only one that actually likes the taste ?
2 if jager was the only liquor i was allowed to drink for the rest of my life , i'd be okay with it .	whereas i would grudgingly embrace sobriety .

1 mark wahlberg had committed 20-25 offenses by the age of 21 . these included throwing rocks at a bus full of black schoolchildren and knocking a vietnamese man unconscious and	southie
2 he's from dot , isn't he ? but it's right next door .	dorchester , yeah .
3 yeah , who says " dot ? "	people from dorchester .

1 mark wahlberg committed vicious hate crimes , including harassing african-american children by throwing rocks at them and shouting racial epithets and permanently blinding a vietnamese man in one eye .	people don't get sent to prison for nothing . he was young , i'll give him the pass .

1 the body mass index ( bmi ) was created for a social statistics experiment , and was never intended to be an indicator of health .	insurance companies use bmi to judge you for health insurance . my bmi says i'm obese , when i actually only have 9.8 % body fat .

1 mafia capo gregory scarpa was recruited by the fbi to find information on the murders of 3 civil rights activists by the kkk using extrajudicial methods . he attained the	wow , wiki says he refused blood bank transfusion because of he hated the idea of using black folks ' so much . instead he had his friends and family
2 wait ... he * despised * black people , but he helped the fbi solve murders of civil rights leaders ?	business is business . a store clerk probably doesn't smile at you because they're interested .
3 convenience store clerk here . can confirm - if i tell you i like your shirt or that brand of soda you're buying , i'm usually just trying to make	i used to be a regular at a liquor store , once the guy starting busting my balls i felt like a local .

1 american channels re-dub british shows like frozen planet , to make it more understandable for american veiwers .	it's for me =( what a lovely accent , but alas , my poor brain cannot process the words quickly enough so that they make sense ! i'd move to

1 while andré 3000 from outkast was a vegan for fifteen years , he recently gave it up , saying " socially it became horrible . i was kind of just	huh , that's odd . i would've thought if anyone as famous as outkast walks into your restaurant , you make the nicest fucking food they request .
2 and you charge a shitton for their request . i worked at a fine dining place and the local " tv attorney " celebrity insisted on a plate of grilled	i feel like an attorney would notice and / or say something about that ? i guess not if he keeps coming back though . what did his tips look

1 after the courtesan leæna ( whose name means lioness ) refused to reveal the name of the conspirators that tried to kill the athenian tyrant hippias under torture , the	that's a bad ass name

1 at it's top speed of 254 mph , the bugatti veyron averages only 3 mpg .	i think most supercars are foolish but the veyron is an amazing piece of engineering . what i remember most from one of the top gear episodes is jeremy cruising

1 johnny cash started a forest fire that destroyed over 500 acres and killed 49 of the refuge's 53 endangered condors . when confronted about it , he said " i	johnny cash is more of an ass than i thought .
2 my grandfather worked with him briefly . still hates him vehemently .	funny my granddad used to run a convenient store when he was younger and was friends with cash when he would come through nashville he would stop in and play

1 ghengis khan forbade the selling of women , theft of other's properties , decreed religious freedom , outlawed hunting during breeding seasons , and exempted the poor from taxation .	some day somebody is going to write a book about all the good things hitler did . time and distance really take the bite out of mass murderers .
2 > the good things hitler did . do tell .	he was a good painter

1 in ww2 german field marshal erwin rommel would often personally pilot a reconnaissance aircraft over the battle to view the situation . although rommel did not have a pilot's license	" i read your book ! "

1 the united states accounts for 44 % of the world's gasoline consumption .	the united states is big . really big . you just won't believe how vastly , hugely , mindbogglingly big it is . i mean , you may think it's
2 it's still unequitative spending . if all countries were up to par with that spending , we'd have run out of oil a long time ago .	maybe that would be a good thing .

1 einstein was stopped so much in public , he would reply , " pardon me , sorry ! always i am mistaken for professor einstein . "	einstein spoke a bit like yoda
2 you want an old jew should change how he talks ? for this we survived the nazis ? always the fancy gentile way you want .	oh gods i can hear it perfectly , sounds a bit like mort from family guy
3 automatically mel brooks for me	why not zoidberg ?

1 sherri shepherd is against same-sex marriage , as her " faith prohibits such unions " , but has admitted to having " many abortions "	to be fair , the bible doesn't really express any sort of condemnation for abortions . if i recall correctly they even endorse jewish women to " drink a bitter
2 yeah , im not sure but i heard theres this whole thing about thou shal not kill . idk	numbers 5 . god will actually abort a fetus himself if the wife is unfaithful . you have to perform a ritual of sorts for it to work , though

1 half of japan's electrical grid runs at 50hz and half runs at 60hz .	which means that the northern part of japan is now screwed due to the loss of at least eight ( and counting ) nuclear power plants .
2 totally . check this out : > all of eastern japan , including tokyo and the disaster-struck region to the north , is standardized on 50hz supply while the rest	thats not even enough to go back to the future

1 serial killer carl panzram would rape his male victims not because he was homosexual but because he wanted to establish dominance over them .	most rape is for the lust of dominance over the person and not a sexual release .
2 " dominance " http://i.imgur.com/mvR5SCW.gif	you are so wrong , but it was funny so i'll upvote it .

1 traces of coca and nicotine found in some egyptian mummies have led some to speculate that ancient egyptians may have traveled to the new world ( america ) .	thank you for not titling this something like " til that we proven that ancient egyptians definitely traveled to the new world ! "
2 he might as well have . this is a non-story .	but it led " some " to " speculate " ! ! you cant deny that !

1 robin williams voiced the genie in " aladdin " for $ 75,000 . he agreed to the job provided that his name or image not be used for marketing ,	they ended up giving him a picasso to apologize .
2 yes , but it was done by frank picasso , one of their animators .	the original author of dickbutt
3 no that's k . c . green .	t . i . l . a guy i used to work with is fairly well known on the internet .

1 during the falklands war , while the hms sheffield was sinking it's crew burst into song , singing monty python's " always look on the bright side of life "	" its crew " , not " it's crew " ! don't murder the queen's english ! !
2 my english teacher does this . should i tell him ? i don't want to get in trouble . he already resents me . should i report him to the	anonymous note possibility ?
3 good idea	even if anonymous , be polite , so that if you are caught placing it , you aren't being insubordinate . ( worth a try . ) also , triple

1 when chamillionaire asked michael jordan for a pic , jordan responded with " i ain't taking pictures with no n * ggas . "	with a name like chamillionaire can you blame him . nigga got pwned .

1 former boston bruin goalie tim thomas refused to meet the president in 2012 because he believed " the federal government has grown out of control ... in direct opposition to	he's not wrong

1 during the construction of petco park , fans were allowed to buy bricks outside the stadium . peta tried to buy a brick with an anti-petco message , but failed	" we hate your organization so we're going to give you money to help build your stadium . " yeah , that'll show ' em .

1 earth's rotation is slowing at a rate of approximately 17 milliseconds a century , and the length of a day for the dinosaurs was closer to 22 hours .	i learned in a geology class i took this semester that the ocean tides friction on the sea floor also slows down earths rotation speed . only thing i remember

1 some senators complained ' mr . smith goes to washington ' made the senate ' look like a bunch of crooks . '	they don't just look like a bunch of crooks , they are a bunch of crooks .
2 this kills the joke .	. jpg

1 keanu reeves had a girlfriend in the late 90s that gave birth to his daughter but tragically the baby was stillborn and the girlfriend died in a car accident 2	if i ever meet him , i'm not gonna ask for an autograph ... i'm just gonna give him a hug .

1 curly joe , from the three stooges , didn't think the three stooges were funny .	the only reason there was a curly joe is because there's only one curly , and two guys can't be " the three stooges . "

1 according to ngunnawal elder , don bell , the correct translation of " canberra " is " woman's breasts " . essentially , the capital city of australia is called	it would be pretty fucking hilarious if this were true . however , someone actually wrote a fairly detailed linguistic analysis of the word canberra indicating neither breasts nor meeting
2 i hope you don't mind if i rudely ignore your " facts " and " research based analysis " so i can continue to make boob jokes about canberra .	spoken like a true politician . you should clearly continue with your open , honest account of our most mammaried city .
3 look , if wikipedia says that canberra is called tits , then canberra is called tits . how else do you expect politicians to know things ?	works for greg hunt .

1 one of frank abagnale's ( catch me if you can ) first cons was to buy a security guard costume , and place a sign over a bank drop box	i believe that his best con was passing off all these implausible cons as actually having taken place . what kind of documentation is there that any of this stuff
2 there is a video out were some pranksters did this to unsuspecting people and then gave them their deposits back . but in the video they showed 5 + people	it was featured on a show called the real hustle . it was on the discovery channel or national geographic channel . can't remember .

1 during the 2008 world hops shortage , the samuel adams brewery sold 108 craft breweries their excess hops , at cost , to help prevent them from going under .	i love how samual adams refuses to sell out and is still a craft brewer . if anyone loves craft beer and hasn't seen the documentary [ beer wars ]
2 i'll argue that samual adams , sierra nevada , and maybe even new belgium have broken the boundaries of craft beer . they definitely aren't domestic but their operations and	there are official limits to craft , micro and nano breweries . craft brewers make less than 6 million barrels , which is a lot of beer ! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microbrewery

1 don king brutally killed an employee that owed him $ 600 and only served a 4 year sentence	only in america .
2 that's actually one of the best things about america , you can get away with virtually any crime as long as you're rich and famous . edit : wait i	aah , i guess you have never been or heard of this country called russia , eh mate ?

1 jousting is the official state sport of maryland	maryland represent .
2 as someone from maryland i am kinda disappointed in myself for not knowing this .	i'm from there , and didn't know either . it's ok , we can be oblivious together .

1 vin diesel began his acting career when he and his friends broke into a local theater with intent to vandalize . instead of calling the police on him , the	you hear about people breaking into show business , but you don't think it really happens .
2 i hope he breaks into a couple of award ceremonies too .	i hope he breaks into my bedroom too ...
3 fast and furious in the pitch black ...	fast in the pink , furious in the stink .

1 the longest ever recorded sniper kill was shot from 2,475 meters or 1.54 miles away by british coh craig harrison . the bullet took over 6 seconds to reach its	no love for his spotter ?

1 the final countdown's 2000 dance remix had a misprint leading to countdown being spelt as cuntdown	the other name for britain's favorite [ unlicensed street game show ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kYj1Gb3qQc0 ) based on [ countdown ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Countdown_\(game_show\) ) .

1 due to severe overcrowding and high real estate in hong kong , burials in public cemeteries are exhumed after 6 years . the remains are either collected privately for cremation	why even bury them in the first place ?

1 the rate of ptsd in adults who were in foster care for one year between the ages of 14 – 18 was found to be higher than that of combat	any information about ptsd rates in adults who spent at least one year in a locked-down rehab , treatment center , or wilderness program between 14 and 18 ?
2 i work in a lock down mental health facility for teenagers so this would actually be incredibly interesting for me . i have never had such a unique job and	would do an amaa ?

1 there are more slaves now than at any point in history , even though slavery is illegal in all countries .	slavery is still legal in parts of saudia arabia

1 the death of the pope used to be confirmed by hitting him in the head with a silver hammer .	the first confirmation was performed by an english medical student named maxwell edison .

1 " from russia with love " was made because jfk listed the novel as one of his top 10 in time magazine . it was also the last movie he	one of my top ten also .

1 at age 15 , jim carrey quit school and became a janitor to support his family . they were living out of a van .	then he hooked up with jenny mccarthy to help kill kids by convincing their parents not to vaccinate them ...
2 after that and the gun control thing , my respect for him is set at a mix of about 50 % admiration and 50 % wanting to kick his ass	meh , he's a canadian national . i'd expect anyone born in canada or the uk to be anti-gun and discard their opinions on the matter .

1 shooting on " no country for old men " had to be shut down because of the smoke clouds drifting over from the nearby set of " there will be	holy cow . unbelievable that two instant and major classics of american cinema were being filmed simultaneously and side by side .
2 am i the only one who gets the titles of these two mixed up ?	there will be no country for old blood ?
3 there will be blood for old men	and chicken nuggets for the kiddies !

1 in 1880 an australian outlaw and his gang smithed steel suits out of ploughshares and held off the victorian police with their bulletproof armour	and the car needs aussie flags and an aussie pride bumper sticker .

1 in 1979 , elvita adams jumped from the 86th floor of the empire state building in an attempted suicide , only to be blown back onto the 85th floor by	and mother nature said , " nope ! "

1 in hungary you're legally allowed to name your child from a pre-approved list of names . if you want to name them something else you need to submit an application	we have the same system in iceland , it keeps the stupid from ruining their childs life

1 — an elected world leader can be an atheist - jens stoltenberg pm of norway .	australia has an atheist pm and it's largely a non issue , also . she's unmarried and lives with a man , so sometimes that gets a few whispers from
2 our current and last pm here in nz are atheists . no one really gives a shit because it doesn't matter .	he's actually an atheist ? thought he was a conservative .. most conservatives i thought were religious :/ pretty cool i guess !
3 > most conservatives i thought were religious not outside the us . the only australian prime minister i can recall being openly religious was kevin rudd . he led the	john howard didn't keep his religious feelings quiet .

1 days and possibly even months after you take lsd you may experience flashbacks and a syndrome called hallucinogen persisting perception disorder , in which you suddenly experience lsd's effects for	hppd is not caused solely by lsd . any hallucinogenic drug has the potential , however small , to cause hppd . don't spread misinformation .

1 there are more canadians playing for the boston bruins than for the vancouver canucks	the difference are the swedes .

1 " a nickname " was originally " an ekename " , literally meaning " additional name " . over the years , the word was misdivided into " a nickname	is this how " would have " turns into " would of " in 50 years ?

1 a mans booby trapped farmhouse resulted in a burglar's legs being shot with a shotgun . the burglar sued him and won . later , when asked if he would	that's bullshit ...

1 : in france , if you deny the holocaust , you might get prison time between 1-5 years and a fine .	how about if it is presented in a satirical cartoon ? would the punishment still apply ?
2 judges are not stupid . you might get accused , but ultimately you won't be condemned unless you did something really wrong at some point . there are controversial humorists	some judges are stupid and some are smart . wearing a black robe does not grant additional iq points .

1 marvin gaye gave his father the gun that killed him as a christmas gift	this is a tangent but if you have never heard it look up his rendition of the star spangled banner at the nba all star game . pretty sure my

1 american channels re-dub british shows like frozen planet , to make it more understandable for american veiwers .	it super pissed me off when i bought earth on dvd and sigourney weaver was voicing it and not sir david . like , who the fuck can't understand him

1 in penile-vaginal intercourse with an hiv-infected partner , a woman has an estimated 0.1 % chance of being infected , and a man 0.05 % . am i the only	teh whole aides " epidemic " is manufactured by the govenrment media complex to get more money . most aids victims are africans or iv drug users , these fuckers
2 does your mother know you are not on youtube at this hour ?	read a book you fukcing retard , hiv is a fukcing scm
3 :D ok , i admit it , i was had . you're good !	:)

1 the characters of terrance and phillip on southpark are a result of the creators ' response to critics who said the show was poorly animated and had just fart jokes	... duh

1 if you tried to land on jupiter , you would just continue falling until you were crushed by its atmospheric pressure . there is no surface .	wouldn't you stop falling when you reached the layer of atmosphere in which the density of the surrounding gases matched or * slightly * exceeded the density of your body

1 according to the 2009 " happy planet index " of human well-being , the u . s . came 114th out of 143 countries - 1 place above nigeria .	in the ' 06 liat ireland is placed one below pakistan . heres a problem ' the hpi completely ignores issues like political freedom , human rights and labor rights

1 christopher nolan's interstellar is the only film in the top 10 worldwide box office of 2014 to be wholly original--not a reboot , remake , sequel , or part of	it kind of makes sense when you think about it .. movies cost so much money now that movie studios have to put their money in surefire successes . especially
2 exactly . hollywood is such a fickle bitch that you can be paul w . s . anderson and make stinker after stinker after stinker and keep working , yet	robocop 2 was a flop ? i really enjoyed it .

1 ahmad shah massoud was an afghan resistance leader , who in april 2001 warned the european parliament about a large-scale terrorist attack on u . s . soil being imminent	watch mojo , 10 political leaders that died too soon ?

1 the nfl is legally required to keep the browns , bengals and steelers in the same division regardless of future alignment plans	someone hates the ravens .
2 our intra-division rivalry is so heated there is a clause allowing us and only us to get booted .	well , if we get kicked out , we'll probably go to the afc east . then the patriots won't be so much of a lock for that division every
3 hey , another afc east team could challenge for the division ... ... someday	if you guys all put your best players together , then maybe .

1 the late-president of the university of california described the three purposes of a university are " to provide sex for the students , sports for the alumni , and parking	this explains so much ... http://sourcefednews.com/americas-getting-dumber-whoo/

1 after jfk was assassinated , there was a brief scuffle between local and federal authorities when the president's security detail wasn't allowed to remove his body from the hospital .	they wanted military doctors to do the autopsy in washington . his autopsy was done in a crowded room with a bunch of generals in the room .
2 by a surgeon that never performed an autopsy before in his career .	i think theres a zac efron movie about this

1 : the average age of menarche ( first period in girls ) declined from 17 to 13 in europe from 1850 to 1960 , and is well documented	this raises a question i barely understood . in the middle ages , where nutrition was not as good as in 1850 , girls routinely got married at the age
2 also , why is this called " menarche . " shouldn't it be called " womenarche ? "	men - is related to month and arche often means first something . it is a greek-derived word or something .

1 joanne rowling , better known by her initials j k , does not have a middle name . the use of the author's initials instead of her full name was	because all males are misogynists and reject anything and everything written by a female

1 ibm has stated that the scroll lock key on your keyboard does nothing . when pc magazine asked an executive of keyboard manufacturer key tronic about the key's purpose he	it does light up the small led .
2 only half of the times you press it .	it also turns off the small led

1 a magical negro is a plot device used in american fiction where a black stock character offers his or her wisdom , insight , or magical powers to help a	hmm ... key and peele ?

1 tina turner is no longer an american citizen . she has passed a german language test and swiss history test and is exclusively a swiss citizen after giving up her	she lives about 15 minutes from my place . has a huge mansion right on the lakeside and is never outside . i row past her house everyday . she

1 there are 4 states that ban billboards - hawaii , alaska , vermont and maine .	then there's georgia which seems to require a billboard every twenty feet
2 pecans ! pecans ! pecans ! just 300 miles until south of the border !	and adult video store billboards right next to church billboards . and more pecans . and boiled peanuts .
3 don't forget the abortion billboards ! or is that more a florida thing ?	how bout that vasectomy guy ?

1 a sudanese man , caught having sex with a neighbor's goat nicknamed rose , was ordered by the council of elders to pay the neighbor a dowry of 15,000 sudanese	sure he's out $ 75 but now he gets to have sex with the goat in the privacy of his own home .
2 anytime he wants . goats don't live that long either , so at some point he gets a prettier younger goat .	so you're saying he should be fucking kids ?
3 before you down vote please google " young goat "	if the reason that gets down voted is that the number of people who don't know what that is is larger than the number that does then i just lost

1 tennille , of the captain and tennille , divorced the captain after 39 years of marriage and a very successful career because he became ill with parkinson's , and could	from the article it doesn't sound like his not being able to play the piano had anything to do with this . i assume she had to divorce him for
2 i would tend to agree with you except for the fact that it also stated when she filed for divorce , he was unaware until he was served with the	you are right about that . i missed that in reading . unless he had the dementia which sometimes goes with parkinson's , he would have been aware of the

1 8 out of 9 developers of the hugely influential n64 game goldeneye 007 had never worked on video games before .	system shock 2 was another sublime game with a mostly amateur staff .

1 in 1986 , 1.6 million tonnes of co2 erupted from lake nyos in cameroon , displacing all the air and suffocating some 1,700 people within 25 kilometers of the lake	it's pretty much drowning in an invisible flood . :(

1 viggo mortensen often spent days hiking to lotr's remote locations in costume , in order to appear authentically travel-worn .	" it would take more than a few days , or weeks , or years of wandering in the wild to make you look like strider , " he answered

1 there are only three instances where the samurai fought against foreign soldiers rather than amongst themselves .	total war : shogun . this is the best game in the total war franchise .
2 shogun 2 ' s my favorite by far .	not a fan of adding guns . i like the raw sword / spears / arrows dynamic .

1 as an unintended side effect of the korean demilitarized zone , a human free nature preserve has been created that is now acting as a valuable habitat to many endangered	maybe some radiation will turn them into mutant animals

1 a grizzly bear's bite is estimated to be strong enough to crush a bowling ball	good thing we ain't made of bowlin ' balls !

1 buzz aldrin's mother's maiden name was moon .	it was like he was destiny to go to the moon

1 each episode of south park is written and produced on a one-week deadline . this allows them to respond more quickly to specific current events than other satiric animated shows	on the flipside , this kind of production means that their in-jokes will be lost on future audiences . kanye's fish joke only works if you know kanye's antics .

1 voted fraud was a likely culprit for kennedy's victory over nixon . one case in texas had 6,138 votes cast in a county of only 4,895 voters .	according to one of nixon's staff members kennedy " stole it fair and square " - meaning that election fraud ( not the same thing as voter fraud ) is
2 he actually said that he didn't contest the election because he thought a long , draw-out dispute would diminish the us in the eyes of the world .	same reason gore , accepted the judgement of the supreme court even thought it was complete shit .

1 the word vaccine comes from the latin root " vacca , " meaning cow . this is due to the discovery that smallpox could be prevented by inoculating patients with	complexion like a milk maid . milk maids were exposed to cow pox which gave them immunity to small pox so they had beautiful smooth skin .

1 the chief of police in st . paul let mobsters like machine gun kelly , john dillinger and baby face nelson live in the city as long as they didn't	my hometown of platteville wisconsin had a similar pact and was frequently passed through by al capone and john dillinger .

1 alfred binet , creator of the first practical iq test , believed intelligence could change and be developed . he was against using his test as a standard measure of	everyone here should read the talent code , amazing book that really goes into detail on how malleable the average persons intelligence is .

1 : there is a game called desert bus . the objective of the game is to drive a bus from tucson , arizona to las vegas , nevada in real	ah its a video game ... i thought this was just something people did over in the west ...
2 i'm from tucson . while we do actually do this irl , the fun doesn't really begin until you arrive in lv	i too am from tucson , but i worked in vegas for about 6 months . made this drive every weekend to see my family . totally ruined the game
3 i feel really bad for you guys that you have to live in tucson .	well , tucson is a great town . i feel really bad that you have to live with yourself .

1 hugh laurie realised he had severe clinical depression after seeing two cars collide and explode in front of him , which caused him to be neither excited nor frightened ,	so that's what is going on in the movies when they are walking away in slow motion from exploding cars with no fear . they're actually just depressed .

1 morgan freeman is against black history month	i usually complain about celebrity posts , but this man is spot on . sometimes , the more we force the issue , the more it becomes an issue .

1 top shot seasons 4 . make your picks ! ( contestants in link )	i have to vote for my home state's contestant , go craig buckland ! good luck to all the rest as well .

1 in spite of what countless ninja movies and animes would have us believe , shuriken were used mostly for distraction rather than killing , and had plenty of uses other	and not all shuriken were " throwing stars " ... * bo shuriken * are small , dagger-like blades that are easily thrown like knives ... the use of shuriken
2 pocket sand	pocket change

1 while in the military mr . t was ordered to cut down trees as a punishment by a sergeant . he cut down 70 trees in 3 1/2 hours before	if mr . t cuts down 70 trees every three and a half hours , how many trees would he cut down in 17.16 hours ? - highschool
2 i pity the fool who has you for a math teacher ! :P	hurrdurrrrrrrrr

1 the " skyhook " device from the dark knight was a real thing , and was used in a covert operation in the 1960 ' s .	there's a good example of how it was used in the john wayne movie the green berets .

1 during medieval inquisitions , after you were accused , but before anything else happened , you were required to name anybody who hated you , if even one of the	i didn't expect this

1 teller ( from penn & teller ) began his silence during his youth when performing for college fraternities . he found that if he was silent , they would stop	he's 65 ? holy crap he looks good for his age . maybe i should start talking less .

1 kim kardashians failed marriage could have paid for my college tuition for 900 years	or maybe just college for 225 people including yourself you selfish bastard .
2 > i cant be the only one who had a heartwarming sensation when this cunt was killed on south park lol	i wanna jump on her belly !

1 there is poor soul so accustomed to mass murder that he was arrested during the norway massacre for not showing the emotions of the others	his hair was different and he reacted differently . i'd say there was more to this story than wikipedia gives us .

1 while in the military mr . t was ordered to cut down trees as a punishment by a sergeant . he cut down 70 trees in 3 1/2 hours before	3 minutes per tree . not too bad my good sir

1 hedy lamarr , who was once voted most beautiful woman in the world , also invented a torpedo navigation system still that is still used today	the face that sunk a thousand ships

1 after arriving in los angeles at 19 , a broke charlize theron tried to cash a check from her mother to pay for rent , but the teller refused .	why did the teller refuse to cash the check ?

1 in 2002 a retired marine corps general defeated an entire us naval fleet in a simulated wargame by using old methods like motorcycles and light signals .	when i was younger i spent a week with his brother at a national jamboree and this story doesn't surprise me at all .

1 german was the second largest spoken language in the u . s . before it was forcibly oppressed during the first world war . americans with german ancestry , are	amd now when i speak german , my friends call me a nazi
2 just say ja .	aber warum soll ich es sagen , wann sie sollst nett sind ?

1 south africans call traffic lights " robots " .	were you watching [ this video ? ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AIXUgtNC4Kc )
2 " yo hi-tek you think you can fuck wit something like dis ? doosh do-doosh do-doosh doosh do-doosh do-doosh doosh do-doosh do-doosh doosh ? " " wat , u meen	yeah that's piff . yo , yolandi , do that thing . edit : see below .

1 judge judy's participants get their judgement paid for by the show's reserve fund	all the judge shows do , i had a buddy on judge joe brown a few years ago and the show paid for the settlement . not only that ,

1 wal-mart was founded with the intention of selling american-made products at foreign made prices .	yil that sam walton was at each wal-mart opening and waned to keep it a local business . his children exploded it .

1 , kraft dinner ( mac and cheese ) is a canadian national dish . it is the most popular grocery item in the country .	kd recipe : cook kd as normal . add franks hot sauce . slice and cook bacon and throw it in your kd . dinner of the gods .
2 > slice and cook bacon and throw it in your kd . american bacon , or that yucky canadian stuff ?	so brave

1 the first ever modern commercial refrigerator was built in australia in 1856 to keep beer cold .	* in 1954 , bob hawke was immortalised by the guinness book of records for sculling 2.5 pints of beer in 11 seconds . bob later became the prime minister
2 83 liters a year is actually 220 ml per day .	yeah , its a bit disappointing that austria is beating australia in beer consumption . still , ahead of america and the uk
3 you can have our mormons . they only drink beer when no one else is around .	and when the state-run liquor store is open

1 during the filming of titanic , an angry crew member put pcp in james cameron's soup , sending him and 50 others to the hospital	all i can think of " he was probably on pcp . broke every bone in his hand . " - lance henriksen , the terminator

1 in early nazi germany , bouncers in underground jazz clubs were also hired to screen for nazi spies , because jazz was considered a " degenerate " form of music	from the same article : an 1883 newspaper article stated that " ' the bouncer ' is merely the english ' chucker out ' . when liberty verges on license

1 in the 1600 ' s london was plagued by an attacker who would grab unaccompanied women , lift their dress , smack their bare bottoms and yell " spanko !	sounds like the plot of an adventure time episode

1 the song " bodies " ( a . k . a . " let the bodies hit the floor " ) by drowning pool was used during interrogations in the	i can't decide if it's the best or worst song ever .

1 although pancreatic cancer is usually deadly , steve jobs had the one variety that's curable . but for nine months , he refused treatment and instead tried a vegan diet	wait wait ... so you mean to tell me that instead of treating his cancer with real verified ways to cure it ... he ate plants and drank juices and

1 the dog that played toto in the wizard of oz was paid a salary that was higher than the actors who played the munchkins	the dog was a better actor and appeared in many more scenes ...

1 hitler loved pranks . he once tricked a high ranking nazi into thinking he was going on a suicide mission , causing him to escape , hand himself over to	bro it's a prank .

1 the skeleton crew isolated for 6 months in the south pole station every winter traditionally watch a double feature of the thing and the shining after the last flight leaves	goddamnit . i was bored at work today doing the usual random wikipedia article trawl and read this exact page . your karma should be mine !

1 hobbes ( in calvin & hobbes ) was not meant to be imaginary .	i've never cared for niggers .
2 i just wish he had kept writing . admittedly , the final strip is beautiful , but when i read it , knowing it was the final strip , i	[ painfully relevant onion article . ] ( http://www.theonion.com/articles/bill-watterson-writes-illustrates-shreds-new-calvi,21240/ )

1 quentin tarantino wanted to direct 007 ' s casino royale , set in the ' 50s , in black and white and starring pierce brosnan .	judy dench would be played by samuel l jackson . glad it wasn't . casino royale was brilliant and brought some credibility back to bond and most of all allowed
2 well , it removed bond's classiness and wit so that he basically became jason bourne or jack bauer . i guess that's what it takes to be a respectable action	that's true , i'm afraid that this is the direction craig's bond films are taking . although casino royal was a fresh bond , with great action and villain ,

1 when washoe , first chimp to use sign language , was told that her caretaker's baby had died , she signed " cry " , touching her cheek and drawing	is it a thing now ? stealing shit on 8facts ?

1 when general motors unveiled the camaro name in 1966 , automotive press asked chevrolet product managers , “ what is a camaro ? ” and were told it was “	relevant pics of my 68 : http://imgur.com/a/PuhhP she doesn't eat much besides money .
2 how much to part with your money pit ?	more than you can afford , pal . :)

1 of the 8 battleships damaged at pearl harbor , only two were lost . the others were repaired and returned to combat service before the end of the war .	and of those two , one was actually raised and refloated , but it wasn't worth the effort to fix something so obviously out of date , [ see the

1 mark wahlberg had a cocaine addiction at the age of 13 and was convicted of attempted murder at the age of 16 .	back when mark wahlberg was marky mark ..
2 this is how we use to make the party start . . .	we use to drink gin with bacardi dark

1 the cost of the international space station is funded by the usa 81 % , russia 8 % , europe 3 % , japan 3 % , and canada 1	so the us gets a free technology , + 1 happiness and a 25 % boost to science , right ?
2 i believe this means that america pays for it , and europe complains america does nothing for the world .	can anyone please explain to me how your astronauts get to this space station any more ? aren't they hitching their thumb for a ride lately ...
3 recently they've been going up on russian soyuz rockets , but with the whole " ukraine kerfuffle " it's possible this arrangement may end . in that case nasa would	which should be next year , unless they put a rush on it .

1 the game show match game was set to be cancelled and with nothing left to lose a question writer for the show started writing risque questions . as a result	to clarify , the 1960s version , which only bears a passing resemblance to the one we are more familiar with , was the show on the chopping block .

1 fast food restaurant ' nando's ' will allow anyone to eat free for life if they can prove they have been to every nando's restaurant in the world .	they should open one in phoenix arizona , looks really good .

1 a study by princeton sociologists on discrimination in university admissions concluded that on sats , blacks had an advantage of + 230 points , hispanics + 185 , and athletes	as an asian person i say : challenge accepted
2 harder to get into college . harder to pick up chicks . harder to dunk a basketball . asian men : playing life on hard mode .	t_t

1 with inflation the ford model t would only cost $ 5600 today , $ 6300 less than the cheapest new car in us .	heres a newsflash : inflation figures are bullshit .

1 in 2007 msnbc reporter mika brzezinski refused to read a report about paris hilton's release from jail choosing instead to report on more important political news . when her producer	i hope she's been hired somewhere better than msnbc , and given a raise . she's a hero of modern media , and we need a lot more like her
2 calling her a hero is an insult to actual heroes .	calling a 19 year old who flies drones from delaware a hero is also an insult to real heroes .

1 johnny depp , jude law , and colin farrell gave their entire salaries from the movie " the imaginarium of doctor parnassius " to heath ledger's daughter .	but why ? i don't think michelle williams is hurting for money ...
2 because they are genuinely nice guys probably , or just out of plain old respect , or maybe they figured out a way to make it tax deductible ... or	i would think so too , but the weird thing about extremely rich people is that they always seem to want more . this isn't me attacking the rich ,

1 a biochemist and professor of psychiatry discovered 3000 cases of reincarnation ; that is , children who remembered their past lives ( and deaths ) ...	call me over-caffeinated , but the sentence " stevenson ’ s conclusions gained little support from within the scientific community " is making me laugh .

1 the word " ewok " is never spoken by anyone in return of the jedi . mind blown .	> george lucas created the ewoks because he wanted return of the jedi to feature a tribe of some primitive creatures that bring down the technological empire . he had
2 this wikipedia entry seems really lacking - no mention whatsoever of their being the focus of perhaps the biggest fan backlash in cinema . save for the backlash concerning the	i don't remember an ewok backlash when the movie came out ...

1 the word " ewok " is never spoken by anyone in return of the jedi . mind blown .	i guess that doesn't surprise me too much . most of the characters in the movie aren't mentioned by name at any point . they just got names because of
2 like that one guy .	[ this guy ? ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6jgCP.gif )
3 what is this from ?	galaxyquest . watch it . seriously .

1 lsd has been shown to treat alcoholism five times more effectively than alcoholics anonymous .	could anyone summarize the methods used and other keypoints in the relevant articles ? i have a hard time taking lsd once or twice will " cure " alcoholism and
2 i don't claim to have read all key articles , nor am i qualified to interpret them . however from my layperson's understanding , studies have shown one or two	did they use lsd in the sense that you would buy at a strange club or did was it manufactured specially for the experiment ?

1 volkswagen owns audi , bentley , bugatti , lamborghini , porsche , and ducati	didn't volkswagen allegedly loose $ 6.8 million for every veyron sold ?

1 the tv show dexter has been linked to two murders that wanted to copy the character dexter morgan	well ... the ones that get away , are much better dexter fans .
2 yes , yes they are .	i tried to build a lab once .

1 bill nye went from an engineering position at boeing to a job as a comedian before ultimately becoming the science guy	boeing is so boring . i couldn't wait to leave .

1 in 1979 , an unknown group of people paid for the erection of the " georgia guidestones " , 6 granite slabs that instruct the survivors of an apocalyptic scenario	> an unknown group of people time travelers , most likely . they came back and had this statue built and each one of these things is a solution to
2 which is clearly why they built it in georgia	in the future georgia is a bastion of intellect and culture .
3 when some random disease wipes out civilization or turns us all into zombies , the cdc in atlanta will be the last bastion of humanity . i mean that's where	unfortunately , to make sure you'll end up there , you have to be lawrence fishburne's girlfriend .

1 audie murphy , when asked after the war why he had seized the machine gun of a burning m10 tank destroyer and taken on an entire company of german infantry	he also did this while suffering from malaria ( i believe )

1 president lbj owned an amphibious car , the amphicar , and used it to scare guests by driving them into his lake screaming about brake failure	he'd also piss on secret service agents just to prove his dominance . lbj was an asshole , but a magnificent one .

1 a senator from alaska read 4,100 pages of the pentagon papers on the floor on congress and into the congressional record to bring to light the lies surrounding the vietnam	[ good old mike gravel ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uBcMUZAXMW4&t=1m40s ) .
2 i can't believe nobody posted [ his campaign ad . ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0rZdAB4V_j8 )	i would have done it if you hadn't . this is only slightly more bizarre than those microsoft ads with seinfeld and gates . churros ?

1 german interrogator hanns scharff was against using physical torture on pows . he would instead take them out to lunch , on nature walks and to swimming pools , where	every enemy is a potential friend .

1 in " a . i . artificial intelligence " , child actor haley joel osment suggested to steven spielberg that to portray an android well he shouldn't blink . osment	did he also suggest to spielberg that they should make the audience roll on the floor and cry like little bitches ? that's what i did .
2 me too	me too . but only because spielberg ruined an otherwise potential kubrick masterpiece . rip stanley .
3 which parts of the movie were ruined by spielberg ?	none . everything most people don't like about the movie was kubrick's idea , including the ending . he wanted to make a spielbergian movie . spielberg was just carrying

1 nestlé aggressively distributes free formula samples in developing countries till the supplementation has interfered with the mother's lactation . after that the family must continue to buy the formula since	is this still going on ? its hard for me to imagine this could easily going on under the table . i would this is pretty big thing !

1 the opening scene in starship troopers , an infantry advertisment , was adapted shot for shot from a nazi propaganda movie called triumph of will . the scene featured an	i could like this movie if it weren't called starship troopers .

1 on its way back from deployment in the persian gulf in 2002 , the aircraft carrier uss john stennis stopped in freemantle , australia , where her sailors wore out	" every man's a bachelor east of gibraltar . " - attributed to admiral nelson

1 consuming asparagus affects the smell of urine , but only 22 % of the population have the gene to smell it	actually , it goes deeper . some people can smell it , some can't . some people produce the smell and some don't . they are classed as excreters and
2 now i feel like i really need to know which group i fall under . time to buy asparagus .	i can overnight a sample to you if you want , i'm certified in both the production and identification of asparagus pee .

1 nikola tesla never slept for more than 2 hours , remained abstinent , and had extreme ocd	issac newton died a virgin as well .
2 so will i .	why ?
3 a lot of redditors will .	doesn't answer my question though .

1 pfizer's exclusive patent on viagra expires in march 2012 in the us . what happens next ? otc boner pills ? the collapse of email spam as we know it	pharmacist here . right now they are doing everything they can to extend their patent . the next logical step for them is slightly change to formula and come out
2 just upvoted because of the gold jizzing stuff	if i could jizz gold my sheets would be worth millions ...
3 your mom would be worth trillions though .	dad ?

1 d . w . griffiths , who made the racist pro-kkk film " the birth of a nation " , responded to his critics with subsequent films that preached social	and i shot up the set in l . a noire .
2 that was the set for " intolerance " . same director , though .	that would be the same movie that was after birth of a nation .

1 sharon stone for may years maintained that she had an iq of 148 and was a member of mensa . she finally admitted in 2002 that she was not ,	great . and for all those years i attended all those mensa functions hoping i'd fucking bump into her .

1 wal-mart once pulled midge , a doll in the barbie line , from the shelves due to concerns she was pregnant with no wedding ring and it would promote teen	ah yes , the bastion of wholesomeness known as walmart .

1 n64 goldeneye 007 was developed by a very small and inexperienced team ; it only had ten developers , eight of whom had never previously worked on video games .	well then this is the formula that should be used to create all video games .

1 when a suicide bomber tried to enter an israeli supermarket , the security guard stopped her and said , " you will not enter the market . you and i	but who heard her say that ?
2 maybe security cameras ?	doubt it , most videos captured of things like this are on potatoes
3 well , i suppose you would know .	i am the current leading authority on any potato issues

1 the first film with a pg - 13 rating placed on it was red dawn .	wolverines ! ! !
2 needs more caps lock .	* * and more bold * *

1 the great pyramid of giza was once covered in highly polished white limestone , before it was removed to build mosques and fortresses .	just out of curiosity , what would people think if they decided to refurbish the pyramids ? we do it to our monuments , would it be " wrong "

1 for yao ming's first game in miami in 2002 , the heat gave out 8,000 fortune cookies as a promotion for the game . yao did not take offense because	better than the " chink in the armor " debacle .
2 that was actually jeremy lin and the person who wrote that headline , anthony federico , was fired . federico called it " an honest mistake " as he supposedly	he didn't deserve to get fired imo

1 obama's dea chief supports the prohibition of alcohol ! and many of you are rankled by the ultra-conservative bent of republicans ...	@agile_cyborg : welcome to reddit.com , where facts get checked . all of them .

1 the 1998 war film " the thin red line " was cut from an initial five hours to three and a half after over a year of editing . performances	who ever wrote terrence mallick's wiki page needs help , or maybe english wasn't their first language ...

1 there was a " back to the future " animated series that ran from 1991-1992 . the show was not popular , but it featured live-action segments where christopher lloyd	yep - had these on vhs back in the day . these were pretty awesome actually ... i learned how to make a battery out of lemons and how to

1 the blues brothers movie was not available in predominately white neighborhoods , for mann theaters . they didn't think the movie would be successful with white audiences .	who wants an orange whip ? orange whip ? orange whip ? three orange whips .

1 indonesia realized dead manta rays are worth $ 500 whereas manta ray tourism brought in $ 1,000 , 000 over the life of a single ray . indonesia is now	only one thing you should do with manta rays ... https://youtu.be/dVJE0Jvmkgg

1 shakira was banned from her school choir because her music teacher didn ’ t think she could sing and ' sounded like a goat '	shakira had a well-trained music teacher . edit : thank you for the gold , kind stranger ! i am eternally grateful ! :)
2 i would hate having to conduct a choir with shakira in it . i can think of exactly zero people who could blend with her . dear op , choirs	she does sound like a goat

1 a man renovated a three story hotel specifically to kill people . it included stairways to nowhere and a maze of over 100 windowless rooms . he killed as many	[ devil in the white city . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Devil_in_the_White_City ) i read this book about 7 years ago or so for an american history class in college , damn

1 when billy idol's cover of tommy james and the shondells ' song " mony mony " reached # 1 on the charts in 1987 , it dethroned tiffany's " i	seriously , tommy james and the shondels are one of the most underrated bands in history

1 mohammad mosaddegh was the democratically elected prime minister of iran who was overthrown by the us cia in 1953 for having the audacity to nationalize the iranian oil industry to	and since then everything's been just fine .
2 yeah , they were primed to be a real democratic partner in the region . the people of iran have always been western , even back in those days .	* * it's " shah " not " shaw " you fucking idiot * *
3 it's " slaw " not " shah " you fucking idiot	i love the slaw of iran ! lots of olives and capers .

1 the inspiration for the episode " bart sells his soul " came from an experience greg daniels had in high school when he convinced a bully to sell him his	i used to sell pieces of my soul to friends for favors . they could trade them back for favors from me . somewhere out there 4/9 ' s of
2 you mean you have 4 horcruxes somewhere out there .	lol i never thought of it that way . til i'm lord voldemort
3 anagram for " mr tom , dildo lover . "	how do people just spot out anagrams like that ?

1 in germany , a cross can only be present in the classroom only if all the students agree that it should , and it has to be taken off in	why can't we just have laws like that in the us instead of taking it to the supreme court every time some one gets their feelings hurt ?

1 one of the popes was a 100 % accident . in the middle ages , cardinals would often vote for a random candidate on the first papal ballot in order	accident or divine intervention ?

1 the hair on a gecko's foot are so tiny that it can form inter-molecular forces of attraction with most surfaces and thus making the gecko adhere even on glass without	" if a typical mature 70 g ( 2.5 oz ) gecko had every one of its setae in contact with a surface , it would be capable of holding

1 there are still 5 people living who were born in the 1800s .	thanks a lot ... this post made me read the bios of many of the oldest people . one common link to many of the females is eating chocolate .

1 chloë sevigny performed unsimulated fellatio in the film " the brown bunny , " which roger ebert called " the worst film in the history of cannes . " the	what is meant by " unsimulated " ?

1 the lionfish , an invasive fish which eats other fish and has no known predators , may have been introduced as a result of hurricane andrew destroying an aquarium ,	i've read that they're tasty , though they can apparently carry [ ciguatera ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ciguatera ) in some areas . , so caution is advised when eating them .

1 the korean soccer player who scored and knocked italy out of the 2002 world cup immediately lost his contract with his italian club perugia for ' ruining italian soccer '	non italian here : 2002 will forever be the most scandalous world cup of all times .. ( watch korea-italy and korea-spain ) it is such a scandal that sepp
2 i'll never forgive the italians for that terrible theatrical display that kicked australia out in 2006 .	what about what france did to ireland ? ? [ that was even worse . ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jxw1-Id91lQ )

1 : when the ocarina of time was remade for the 3ds , nintendo purposefully did not fix many of the original game's bugs , to give players as close an	to be fair , the original was so broken that [ you could beat it backwards ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcfdH5zVfaU&list=PLYHNB0RWLtRY8ihYZH_hJyZct0xOyNykQ&index=2 ) . fixing every single bug in that game would be

1 japan has 67 flavors of fanta , including ' the mystery fruit ' , ' genius energy ' and ' hip hop ' flavor .	" hip hop flavor " is it purple drank ?
2 curiosly enough , grape .	tentacle grape

1 : even with the bare minimum of driver training on its use , the british roundabout has been proven to be at least 20 % more efficient at moving traffic	we also have roundabouts that go around roundabouts ... and in the opposite direction to all other roundabouts . http://i.imgur.com/lTHXW4P.png http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magic_Roundabout_(Swindon)
2 colchester , essex here . [ we've got one too . ] ( http://imgur.com/HNayVDW ) it sucks .	for some reason i thought yours were not mini-roundabouts . it's certainly more spacious than slough or hemel's is .

1 the average person farts between 8-20 x per day	i farted at work today and later one of my coworkers walked by and said " i smell bacon . "

1 over 90 % of fetuses diagnosed with down's syndrome in the uk are terminated .	i support pro-choice but i don't think people should decide what to keep or abort based on if they have a disability . i totally understand that having a child
2 yes , but a with a normal child you have a small chance of them being difficult , with a downs kids you are stuck with them until they die	my husband and i grieved our independence when we were told our son most likely had downs . but to kill him because he would cramp our retirement plans is

1 it is an offence to say that the golden color of the german flag as " yellow " .	it is though , look at it , it's yellow . like the simpsons .
2 das springfuld	jawohl !

1 bob odenkirk , the actor who plays saul goodman in breaking bad , wrote for snl from ' 87 - ' 91 , and wrote the " matt foley ,	i grew up in the same neighborhood and went to high school with bob . i remember him giving an impromptu speech in english class that was absolutely hilarious .

1 the kkk was denied the permit to sponsor a segment of interstate 55 in missouri ; when the federal court declared it unconstituional and the kkk was given the sponsorship	this belongs in r / titlegore

1 henry allingham , the oldest briton in history , credited his longevity to " cigarettes , whisky and wild , wild women – and a good sense of humour "	he was alive through 3 different centuries . that's absurd .
2 huh , born in 1996 , i could make it ... could .	with the advances in medicine , you very well may .
3 > with the advances in medicine , you very well may . fyi - [ life expectancy is on the decline in the us . ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/timworstall/2012/09/22/falling-life-expectancy-in-the-united-states/ )	lifestyle - obesity . don't get fat , killed in an accident , you will likely live a very long time .

1 the queen of england has two mentally handicapped cousins , who were disowned by her family and essentially declared dead . one was buried in an unmarked grave , the	anyone else click on " glamis castle " in this article ? that dudes house is quite nice

1 , after a french newspaper prematurely published an obituary of alfred nobel in which he was described as " the merchant of death " , he decided to rewrite his	wow .. talk about touching a nerve !

1 patrick stewart lost all his hair at 18 and believed that no woman would ever be interested in him again	as an early-balding male myself , i'd like to personally thank the likes of patrick stewart and bruce willis for all their work making my one available hairstyle awesome .
2 hairline started receding at 16 , fucking genetics .	i started at 14 . feels bad man .
3 feels bald man .	feel bald men .

1 joseph stalin was a huge fan of american western movies , and would often ring up his underlings at all hours of the night to make them come and watch	broseph stalin !

1 mother teresa's supposed " miracle cure " of a woman's abdominal tumor was not a miracle at all . the patient's doctors and husband said she was cured because she	" mother teresa was not a friend of the poor . she was a friend of poverty . she said that suffering was a gift from god . she spent
2 wait , isn't that quote pretty damn sexist ? the only known cure for poverty is the empowerment of women ? what about poor men ? is the implication here	you misunderstood . men in these societies hold all the power . hitchens was simply making the point that those societies can't progress unless women are treated like the other

1 mao never brushed his teeth and that by the time of his death , his teeth were covered in a green film .	the wikipedia article says he never bathed , true . but , he swam regularly and rubbed down afterwards .
2 isn't that what bathing is ? immersing yourself in water and rubbing yourself down ?	some people think that soap should be involved at some point .
3 right , but immersing yourself in water and rubbing yourself down must be described as bathing .	mark twain called surfing " surf bathing " in his reports from the sandwich islands .

1 only 2 americans currently play for the boston bruins	commies

1 the lion king game led to the creation of direct x .	one of those bizarre games that seems harder now then when i played it as a kid . i didn't think it was anything special difficulty-wise as a kid ,

1 the scooby-doo movie ( 2002 ) was originally going to be dark and pg - 13 , with marijuana jokes and a side relationship between velma and daphne	i think that the plan for for the scooby-doo film to was to be a brady bunch movie-style parody film ( i . e . , it parodied the scooby-doo

1 when nancy grace was a prosecutor , she was reprimanded three times for misconduct , including " her disregard of the notions of due process and fairness "	if nancy grace were on fire and i had a bottle of water , i would drink it .
2 if she were dying of thirst in the desert , i wouldn't even piss in her direction .	if her hair were on fire i wouldn't cross the street to piss on her head
3 if i had a gun with two bullets and there was nancy , hitler , and stalin . i would shoot nancy twice .	of course you would , hitler and stalin are already dead .

1 buzz aldrin's mother's maiden name was moon .	9/11 confirmed

1 andrew jackson , in a duel , gave his opponent a free shot . hit in the chest , he returned fire , killing the man . later said "	no one even realized he had been shot at first . when his second realized he had been shot , jackson said something along the lines of , " shh
2 what a fucking * boss * .	what scares me most is that apparently , according to said wikipedia article , his reputation suffered after this . life in the pre-victorian era seems counter-intuitive and dangerous .
3 his reputation suffered because since charles dickinson , his opponent , hadn't killed him with the first shot , jackson wasn't required to kill or even shoot dickinson to be	when someone tries to kill you , you kill ' em right back .

1 when colonel robert gould shaw , commander of the all-black 54th regiment during the american civil war , died at fort wagner , he was stripped and buried with his	you should watch the movie glory with matthew broderick . it is the story of the 54th . really a powerful movie .
2 i think that movie has one of the best endings in any movie ever ... of all time .	without a doubt . i sat stunned after watching it the first time and it still has that affect on me . the first movie i ever watched where the

1 tug of war was an olympic sport from 1900-1920 .	bring it back ! if we need to throw something out to make room , [ this will do ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dressage ) .

1 the pirate bay tried buying their own island in hopes of making their own country with no copyright laws .	a real pirate would take the land .
2 download an island	and then 3 - d print it .

1 bear grylls is wrong . when dehydrated in a survival situation , you should not drink your own pee . it actually worsens the situation rather than being beneficial .	he never said that - desert episode was a last resort for extra energy and one other that i remember he filtrated his pee .

1 the original price is right gave a contestant a real elephant as a gag prize , and planned later to give the winner $ 4,000 instead . the winner complained	they were smart . elephants are worth $ 100,000- $ 400,000 .
2 today . doubtful they were worth much more than $ 4,000 back then .	plus the upkeep !

1 people wanted to censor washington crossing the delaware because they thought his watch was his penis	he did have like 30 goddamn dicks ...

1 in the 1980s the naval investigative service undertook a massive and futile search for a woman named " dorothy " in the chicago area , after hearing gay men refer	what is dorothy ?

1 simon pegg's character in spaced joked that every odd-numbered star trek film was " a bit shit " years before he was cast as scotty	ok maybe i'm not at 100 % reading capability for english but what does this title mean ? did simon pegg say this or did his character from star trek
2 the character said it , but simon pegg was one of the main writers and would agree to the statement , as would most trekkies .	he said star trek sucks in the star trek movie ?

1 patrick stewart , while he was going bald in his teens , believed no woman would ever be interested in him again , and gave up on the idea of	the secret to going bald is to become an mma fighter . it's okay then .

1 women can reduce their risk of pre-eclampsia and miscarriages by frequently giving blow jobs , and the risk is lowered even further if they swallow . ( strictly scientific ,	i had to double check to make sure this wasn't from circlejerk .

1 the power macintosh 7100 ' s internal code name was " carl sagan " . upon finding out , sagan sued apple . sagan lost , but apple engineers renamed	not to be an apologist for either one , but everyone is a douche about something sooner or later . btw , am i the only one that thinks a

1 lsd is considered to pose less of a threat to your physical health than alcohol .	that is fairly common knowledge by now , or should be at least . alcohol is actually one of the hard drugs .
2 nothing makes you feel like absolute shit the next day quite like alcohol , that's for sure .	heroin does , at least to me . i never had a habit so doing too much dope used to make me feel just as shitty as drinking too much
3 part of this complete breakfast	heroin is a good way to skip breakfast . ( well , not a * good * way ... )

1 alicia silverstone was cast in clueless after the director saw her in the videos for three aerosmith songs .	if you're part of my generation this reads like an article in " duh magazine " .

1 out of the 221 cities ranked by the mercer quality of living survey , the first united states city to be ranked , honolulu , is all the way at	the maker of the list has never tried to commute or buy a house in vancouver . i would pick honolulu over my hometown easy
2 i'm sure honolulu is equally unaffordable .	honolulu is insanely expensive .

1 your bottle of heinz tomato ketchup specifically mentions tomato in the name because when it was introduced , ketchups of other varieties other than tomato were common .	there's a british company that makes [ mushroom ketchup ] ( http://www.mysupermarket.co.uk/waitrose-price-comparison/Condiments/Geo_Watkins_Mushroom_Ketchup_190ml.html ) . must try it one day .
2 here is a recipe to make your own by heston blumenthal http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5cetXtZMenw	i think that's the one i saw .

1 the oxford english dictionary , one of the most esteemed reference works in history , was initially constructed via properly cited user submissions , much like wikipedia .	anyone interested in this topic should read [ simon winchester's * the meaning of everything * ] ( http://www.amazon.com/The-Meaning-Everything-English-Dictionary/dp/019517500X/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1368538730&sr=8-1&keywords=meaning+of+everything ) . he's also written a book called [ * the
2 i came here to comment about the professor and the madman but you beat me to it . it was a great book though it took me a few years	ha ! me too . someone gave it to me i don't how long ago and it sat on my shelf for years . i just read it fairly recently

1 doritos were created at disneyland in an attempt to use up old tortillas that would otherwise be thrown out .	god bless america !

1 there are more vending machines in japan than people in new zealand	congratulations . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oyFQVZ2h0V8

1 when us forces invaded iraq and went to capture or kill sadam husseins sons , they hotwired uday's lamborghini lm002 and then blew it up	in their defense he was kind of a homicidal psychotic dick .
2 the devil's double was such a good film	i really dont see how critics didnt like it , it was a fucking awesome movie

1 the incarceration rate in the usa is the highest in the world , and that the incarceration rate of its black population exceeds that of south africa at the height	it's all about economics , prisons are a growth industry : http://www.realcostofprisons.org/materials/comics/prison_town.pdf

1 in the us , drying laundry on a line is seen as a sign of poverty rather than common sense	american here . i hate this crap . its so retarded . i live in a 3 bedroom house , and in our neighbor hood , we are not allowed
2 same here . and in phoenix , no less ! but we're also supposed to conserve energy by running the dryer only during off-peak times . face , meet palm	just put up clothes lines , and when the hoa comes around to fine you , murder them and bury them in your back yard .

1 some people can " flex " muscles in their inner ears to produce a low rumbling sound	i can do this too . it does it involuntarily when i hear loud mid range noise , then after the noise subsides i hear a pssssshhh sound for a
2 ya , that isn't it . source : i am a member of / r / earrumblersassemble the ones who can produce a loud sound that blocks out all other	sorry , i can do this voluntarily . but also the other stuff i said ...

1 there was an octopus in an aquarium that juggled its tankmates , smashed aquarium glass by throwing rocks , and caused short circuits by shooting a jet of water at	octopuses are dicks

1 roy sullivan is the record holder for most survived lightning strikes . he was struck in a fire lookout tower , in his truck , in his front yard ,	why hasn't this been turned into a movie ?

1 ; we use obsidian today to make precision surgical tools many times sharper than steel .	i heard flint could be used to make precision surgical tools as well

1 while in the military mr . t was ordered to cut down trees as a punishment by a sergeant . he cut down 70 trees in 3 1/2 hours before	well , we all know mr . t by know . he never does a half done job really . i had no idea that he took on 70 trees

1 when coca-cola announced the return of coke's original formula in 1985 , abc news interrupted general hospital to break the story .	this really til worthy ? seems very uninteresting ...
2 you must be new . people routinely make posts about " holy shit , peanuts aren't really nuts , you guys ! "	was that second comma necessary ?
3 yes , after he said it they still weren't paying attention so he yelled it in the same exasperated breath . you gotta be able to paint the authors mental	i mean , if it was christopher walden then sure ...

1 humans can survive indefinitely on a diet of just potatoes and butter	explains how this lady is still alive http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IJGIMd3_LfY
2 what the actual fuck ... and she's so danm fat !	her potatoes were almost all deep fried . and her mashed potatoes were more cheese than potato .

1 : nolan gould , the actor who plays luke in modern family , is a member of mensa and graduated high school at the age 13	technically he didn't graduate high school , he just passed a test that gave him a high school equivalence .
2 i had an argument with someone over this recently . they're exactly the same thing . if you have high school equivalence , you graduated high school .	haha , i have a few friends who got demolished by high school but got ged's very quickly . might be different where i live though .

1 you are required to vote in australia ; if you don't , you'll face a fine	same in belgium i think .

1 as a child elon musk was bullied so severely he once had to be hospitalized because of a beating from other students	his enemies will be killed by tesla .

1 one of the benefits of the popular classroom game ' heads up , seven up ' is that teachers may observe which students have a tendency to cheat .	my childhood was a lie

1 the infinite monkey theorem , stating that monkeys with typewriters and enough time could produce the entire works of shakespeare , has been tried out in real life . they	so ... mission accomplished ?

1 not just one , but two wars were started because someone threw someone out of a window in prague .	defenestration lead to declarations .

1 the inspiration for the episode " bart sells his soul " came from an experience greg daniels had in high school when he convinced a bully to sell him his	aahhhhhh ! ! ! i think of this episode often , and joke that i have no soul , because whenever i attempt to walk into automatic doors , they

1 in ancient sparta boys were punished for not answering questions briefly and wittily enough	just like reddit

1 " lone survivor " marcus luttrell received a dog when he got home to aide in his recovery . in 2009 4 men shot the dog , and luttrell chased	i'll probably never see lone survivor but i'd watch the hell out of whatever movie they'd make of this story .

1 58 % of african americans have at least 12.5 % european ancestry ( equivalent of one great-grandparent ) and 19.6 percent of african americans have at least 25 % european	my grandfather's grandfather came to the us from germany and i have almost as much african dna as i do german dna and my family has no idea where the
2 what website is that ? it seems pretty cool .	that's from ancestry.com ; however , i've read that there are comparable if not better genealogy websites out there .

1 gordon ramsay left one of his first jobs while as an aspiring chef because he was tired of " the rages the bullying and violence " perpetrated by the head	honestly , if you watch his shows on bbc is pretty much chill and seems to just want to help people . but u . s . tv execs want
2 pretty much	so , what you're saying is ... pretty much ?

1 there is a satellite orbiting earth that is predicted to re-enter the atmosphere in 8.4 million years , carrying a message addressed to the beings / humans and civilizations of	going to be funny if a species did this 65 million years ago and it drops on us this summer . " hey mammals , this is dinosaur alpha .
2 p . s . we threw that meteor down and wiped out the idiots of our species to give you guys a chance to shine . you'll do the same	so we're saying our next asteroid will be aimed at washington dc ?
3 the middle east too . either way , it's constant fighting	yea , a meteor might actually resolve some shit in the middle east the way its going .

1 jimmy carter said if he became president , he would release all government ufo information to the public . once elected , he decided not to due to " national	i think that once a president gets into office he is briefed by things only handful of people know in the world . i also think it's possible this new
2 i believe carter actually said that happened . as soon as he was sworn in , they took him in a room and told him a bunch of stuff that	source ?

1 the world record for alcohol consumption is by andre the giant , who drank 156 beers in one sitting ( over 73 litres / 16 gallons )	> as a child , he very early displayed symptoms of his gigantism , reaching a height of 6 ' 3 " ( 190.5 cm ) and weight of 240
2 why would he have been unable to fit on the schoolbus ? i was 6 ' 3 and 210 pounds by the time i was 13 and fit just fine	he was actually just waiting for the bus and it never showed up . twice

1 filming for rage against the machine's " sleep now in the fire " music video forced the new york stock exchange to shut its gates after band members attempted to	they then collected one of the biggest checks of their career and went home .

1 of the solomon curve . the safest speed to travel at is five miles over the speed limit .	good to remember when you are riding your bike

1 of a rugby player who suffered a torn scrotum and lost four teeth . after asking the physio to stitch him back up he returened to play only to be	there's a lousy way to wake up . missing teeth , no memory of yesterday and a ripped open sack .

1 someone did a barrel roll in a boeing 707 prototype . ( video in comments )	to watch the video , click [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Bvhov0nxPQ ) . feel free to downvote some of my other comments if you decide upvote this one .
2 that looks like an aileron roll to me .	it's a barrel roll . aileron rolls involve very little , if any , lateral translation . this maneuver involved a fair amount of lateral translation as the aircraft rolled

1 mr . rogers made a legendary emmy acceptance speech that shut everybody up	i think it's sad that to this day , i honestly have trouble believing that mr . rogers was as sincere and gentle as he seemed on television . the
2 he is from a different time . now the system is so messed up , only the messed up survive .	no , he was just a very rare and beautiful thing that only happens once in a very long while . if you're lucky , you get to see it

1 since 1945 , all british tanks have come equipped with tea making facilities	anything less would be uncivilized .
2 i think you mean it would be uncivilised .	brilliant .

1 consuming asparagus affects the smell of urine , but only 22 % of the population have the gene to smell it	i expected that number to be quite high , considering i haven't met anyone who can't smell a difference . honestly seems like everyone can .
2 1 . why the fuck are you people eating asparagus ? it's disgusting 2 . why are all you people discussing the change in the smell of your urine after	asparagus is delicious ! wrap that sucker in tin foil with salt pepper and some olive oil and toss it on the grill . mmmmmmm ...
3 why bother cooking it on the grill if it's wrapped in tin foil ? just put it straight on the grill .	so that it doesn't dry out / burn

1 rickman has been with his first girlfriend since 1965 - when he was 19 years old	it's nice to see that fame and fortune doesn't destroy every relationship . edit : thanks for my first gilded comment on my first cakeday !
2 its very impressive , it probably helped that she has her own very successful political career . no one got " left behind " in the relationship , both became	she's a local councillor . this is pretty much the bottom rung of the political ladder . a barnacle could get elected to local councillor .

1 people are complaining that the 2014 brazil world cup logo bears too much of a resemblance to a facepalm	[ it also looks like its 2019 or 2017 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:2014_World_Cup_ceremony_in_Johannesburg_2010-07-08_2.jpg )

1 in 2005 , the dea reported seizing $ 477 million worth of drugs , whereas the estimated value of drugs sold within and into the us is $ 64 billion	just don't ask how many murders are solved every year .

1 in the 1980s the naval investigative service undertook a massive and futile search for a woman named " dorothy " in the chicago area , after hearing gay men refer	this explains the " friends of dorothy " meet-up on my last carnival cruise .

1 anthony bourdain , after trying such delicacies as sheep testicle , seal eyeball , and cobra , said the most disgusting thing he's ever eaten was a chicken mcnugget .	i can't fucking stand mcdonalds , but i'll never turn down a mcnugget . shit is glorious as fuck .
2 * - said no one ever *	well thelonelycrab obviously did .

1 the longest recorded tournament chess match lasted 20 hours and 15 minutes and resulted in a draw .	wow . what a spectacularly anticlimactic ending to the longest tournament chess game ever played .
2 something like 50 % of high skill chess games end in draws .	it's more like 1/3 . http://www.randalolson.com/2014/05/24/a-data-driven-exploration-of-the-evolution-of-chess-match-lengths-and-outcomes/ relevant data is at the bottom , found on / r / dataisbeautiful .

1 there have been nine different studies on dare ( drug abuse resistance education ) and all agree that the program does nothing or worsens the problem	true story , my dare officer is currently in prison for being involved in a multi state drug ring .

1 lindsay lohan was approached to star in the hangover . she declined because the screenplay ' had no potential '	depends on what you mean by potential ... yeah it made money , but those movies are trash

1 there is a company that is working towards creating artificial gills for humans	well it's about time we got some fuckin gills . this bitch is 70 % water .

1 in mozambique , overhead power lines have to be at least 12 m ( 39 ft ) high to permit safe passage of giraffes .	i'm from new zealand and was more interested in the sentence before that ... are metal poles really that uncommon ? because they aren't common to me at all ?

1 the z in dragon ball z was chosen because z is the last letter of the alphabet and akira toriyama wanted to finish the series because he was running out	currently watching the complete abridged series . i have to say i am enyoying it far more !
2 i need an adult ?	i am an adult .

1 nelson's father in the simpsons used the same excuse that stephan king's father used when he abandoned him .	i got a kick out of the 30rock treatment : " 35 years ago , my father jimmy donaghy went out for a pack of cigarettes , came back ,

1 today is international caps lock day .	i'm going to type in no-caps to be a rebel .
2 fight the power	... quietly .

1 : each year we drop 10,000 shipping containers in our seas .	maybe if the captain quit jerking off so much he wouldn't lose his load at sea

1 alex the grey parrot had a vocabulary of over 100 words and could distinguish seven colors and five shapes . he once asked what color he was , making him	another fascinating thing is african greys can live up to 70 years - meaning they have a long time to develop and work with this vocabulary ...
2 it's sad how alex died at less than half that age . i know it's far-fetched and unlikely , but i imagine him talking at the level of a human	eh .. maybe not so eloquent . but i'm sure it wouldn't be too far fetched if he chimed in on sports every now and then .
3 " did you see that ludicrous display last night ? "	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IC3W1BiUjp0

1 the oldest living person smoked cigarettes from the age of 21 to 117	i think the real question is imagine the age she could have lived to if she didn't smoke cigarettes

1 billy bob thorton , as an aspiring actor , suffered from myocarditis ( a heart condition brought on by malnutrition ) because he could only afford to buy potatoes .	blasphemy , potatoes are divine

1 the music video for the song " buddy holly " by weezer was included with windows 95 .	i remember this being the first video of significant length i ever saw on a computer screen
2 same here . i think that same disc set came with some encyclopedia freeware that had videos of shuttle launches and jfk speeches on it . i couldn't believe i	microsoft encarta

1 a senator from alaska read 4,100 pages of the pentagon papers on the floor on congress and into the congressional record to bring to light the lies surrounding the vietnam	i feel really weird when someone says til about something i thought everyone knew .

1 as only a private in the us army , henry kissinger was placed in charge of a german city after wwii , responsible for forming a civilian government to run	he was also an evil bastard .
2 yup , his methodology was incredibly , almost irrationally nationalist . the man had a serious case of the " fuck anyone in our way , and if you're not	in fairness , it wasn't really his job to look out for the other guys .

1 michael keaton vetoed michelle pfeiffer playing vicki vale in tim burton's batman as they had previously been in a relationship and he thought it too awkward . she would later	aww , they should have let them ad lib bitter jibes at each other . it would have become a cult classic .

1 three of the actors who played nazis on the wwii sitcom " hogan's heroes " were german jews who had escaped from nazi germany . two of them spent time	this is my favorite show ! i get to watch it every time i visit my dads . i really wish they put it on netflix .
2 ah , you should come join us at / r / hogansheroes , then , if you like the show ! i haven't been able to find the sixth season	also , look on amazon for the sixth season . they have it on there for like 12 $ and used starting at $ 7

1 in the early years of baseball , it was common for players to go in the stands and assault heckling fans . ty cobb once attacked a handicapped man for	if baseball players were allowed to assault heckling fans i would never miss a game .
2 [ " here comes the pizza ! " ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ufSQMXLO95w ) ok , no assaulting players , but still funny . :)	didn't hit him with the cheese side , sauce first . this is relevant commentating at its finest .

1 astronauts have a patch of velcro inside their helmet so they can scratch their nose .	noiseless velcro is a military secret . > they also had a silent version of velcro developed for use with army soldier uniforms , as the ripping sound could betray
2 i've got a strip of velcro from the dollar store that is noiseless . what nonsense is this ?	there are two completely reasonable possibilities : 1 . it's dollar store velcro so it may not actually stick , hense no noise 2 . it's being produced by a

1 the us president earns a $ 400,000 annual salary , along with a $ 50,000 annual expense account , a $ 100,000 nontaxable travel account and $ 19,000 for entertainment	it should be more , but the president and other government officials should also be severely limited in their outside financial activities , particularly in their investments .

1 indian vulture suffered a 99 % population decrease in indo-pak between 2000-2007 due to poisoning caused by the veterinary drug diclofenac . ( reduces joint pain in cattle and keeps	i wrote a term paper on this for a class in university . the vultures develop gout and renal failure after eating carcasses of cattle exposed to diclofenac . wild

1 after tearing a ligament in his throwing arm during what would be his final game , nolan ryan threw one last pitch that was clocked at 98 mph .	because he was a tough son of a bitch
2 a lot of pitchers during his time were , i met tom seaver and he spoke to me about how different the mindset was in the earlier years of baseball	baseball just isn't the same anymore ... i haven't been into it since the pirates were dismantled while i was young confused kid ... how do you let an all

1 upon its release , twister was referred to as " sex in a box " by critics .	[ this ] ( http://thatish.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/Dick-in-a-Box-300x222.jpg ) is sex in a box

1 traces of coca and nicotine found in some egyptian mummies have led some to speculate that ancient egyptians may have traveled to the new world ( america ) .	okay , reddit , what is a more plausible explanation ?
2 coca used to grow in the region , but ramses reagan's war on drugs made it go extinct circa 2000 bc .	as if ramses reagan's wod ever actually stopped production and cultivation .

1 the wrestler mick foley became a fan of tori amos in 1993 . after meeting her in 2008 , he got involved in a group she started to aid abused	as god as my witness that man is an incredibly kindhearted , morally-upright individual .

1 there is a large area of space that is devoid of any galaxies that has been theorized by cosmologist laura mersini-houghton , to be the imprint of a parallel universe	it's an abandoned [ dyson sphere ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dyson_sphere ) which began to fall apart from disuse . since it's facade was designed to absorb energy from without and insulate
2 i don't see what the ball on the bottom of my vacuum has to do with this .	wait , wait ... so the sucking of a dyson vacuum is actually a black hole sucking rubbish through a wormhole ... til

1 weird al intended to parody the beatles " free as a bird " on his album bad hair day . paul mccartney gave permission for the parody , but since	yoko ono kicks ass , fuck all of you .
2 i will ride this downvote train with you . she is talented . this thread is depressing . why would you post comments about how you want to * kill	unfortunately i've come to realize that if you're looking for simple human decency , reddit is not the place to come to .

1 more americans live in mexico city than wyoming .	are they americans of mexican descent ?

1 the cost of the international space station is funded by the usa 81 % , russia 8 % , europe 3 % , japan 3 % , and canada 1	thanks europe

1 broccoli , parsley , brussel sprouts , and red bell peppers all contain more vitamin c per 100g serving than oranges . chili peppers contain 400 percent more .	dare you to eat 100g of chilli peppers .

1 hobbes ( in calvin & hobbes ) was not meant to be imaginary .	hobbes must be a puka

1 when eminem heard ice ice baby for the first time , he " felt like he didn't want to rap anymore . "	eminem once said in an interview that hearing vanilla ice made him want to stop rapping , but he definitely didn't mean it
2 this needs to be much higher in the thread . clearly the quality of tils is nosediving .	tils haven't been very good recently .
3 if you walk in the rain , you get wet	til stands for today i learned .

1 : no one knows why plants are green instead of black . the latter of which would allow plants to more efficiently absorb radiation .	you learned wrong . while black would allow for more light absorption plants already don't use all of the light they absorb using green leaves , so there's no evolutionary
2 if solar energy is infinite why do do plants grow higher ?	shade ; ie . competition with other environmental factors ( plants , rock formations , animal constructions ) , not because of absorbtion problems .

1 in 2002 a retired marine corps general defeated an entire us naval fleet in a simulated wargame by using old methods like motorcycles and light signals .	malcolm gladwell talks extensively about this in his book blink . basically arguing too much information can be a hinderance over intuition when it comes to making decisions on the

1 in 2003 dave grohl was on the top of the billboard modern rock chart for 17 of 18 successive weeks , as a member of three different groups	" you know you're right " by nirvana ( drummer ) " all my life " by the foo fighters ( guitar , vocals ) " no one knows "
2 forgot about queens of the stone age . though it was probot . now im disappointed .	how could you be disappointed about queens though ?

1 rick santorum ( a u . s . senator ) and his wife brought the dead body of their prematurely born infant home from the hospital and introduced the dead	reddit : plucking the low-hanging fruit .

1 in " trials evolution " there was a extremely cryptic set of riddles and puzzles that led to 4 keys being discovered around the world , set to open a	things like this annoy me . i love this game and most people who play the game , including myself , wont get to see what it is .
2 just change the date on your ps4 ..	this isn't a game thing , there were actual keys hidden around the world .

1 the fingerprints of koala bears are virtually indistinguishable from those of humans , so much so that they can be easily confused at a crime scene .	koalas aren't bears , though . so today , you learned two things . : 3

1 germany mandates all drivers to come to the rescue of an accident victim unless there is already an ambulance present . " if there is an accident , a driver	hmm , in canada i was taking a bus to work and we saw a cyclist get nailed by a car . naturally nobody stopped , so the bus driver

1 a portuguese soldier in ww1 defeated , single handedly , two german assaults by laying down intense fire , leaving hundreds of germans dead and allowing the retreat of hundreds	well i have again to redefine badass .

1 keanu reeves had a girlfriend in the late 90s that gave birth to his daughter but tragically the baby was stillborn and the girlfriend died in a car accident 2	> in 2010 , photos of a sad-looking keanu reeves eating a sandwich while alone led to the spread of the " keanu is sad / sad keanu " internet
2 my birthday is cheer-up keanu day	bday buddies .
3 this may be an odd question , but did you used to go on flashplayer.com/ugoplayer.com ? i used to frequent there years ago under the profile sandrock	holy shit sandrock ! ( arby _3000 ;p )

1 no physical clone trooper armor was ever produced for star wars prequels . every clone trooper was cgi .	it wasn't cgi that killed the prequels . you don't introduce the coolest , most badass of all badassington in the first film , [ only to kill him right
2 he didn't die . he's quite [ badass in the clone wars ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ojw7iE5h99g )	holy moly that black light saber .
3 i think that was a vibroblade .	it's called a darksaber . it was apparently stolen from the jedi temple long time ago by that dude's ancestor .

1 there is an empty grave next to the prophet muhammad intended for jesus after he returns	let's just wait , jesus will surely deliver .
2 let's not ignore how awesome things would be if jesus did return .	so , pardon my ignorance , what does the bible say it will be ? ( i googled it but i get tons of crazy websites ... )

1 during world war 1 , feminists and suffragettes handed out white feathers to shame men into enlisting in the army and lobbied for instituting an involuntary draft of men ,	easy to do , when they had no chance of being drafted themselves .
2 watch out , the feminists of reddit will pounce all over one little joke comment .	what's the joke in that comment ? it seems like a pretty direct political statement .

1 only one senator opposed the usa patriot act in 2001 ; among his chief concerns was the possibility that the fisa court would authorize the government to conduct mass surveillance	fisa means " to fart " in swedish

1 the poorest place in the us is 96 % native american and the median income of men is $ 0	hey , you found this article from that earlier one about the russian drill , didn't you ? i thought it looked familiar , cause i just did the same
2 i love this game . click " random article " and try getting to adolf hitler ( or , you know , kevin bacon ) in less than 6 clicks	hah , just tried it an i got the norwegian women's football team goalkeeper of several years ago . still made it in 4 clicks !

1 david yost , who played billy the blue power ranger , quit the show after frequent harassment from the crew for being gay	" after yost left power rangers , he tried to get rid of his homosexuality with conversion therapy for two years , but this failed . eventually yost had a

1 hitler so admired the greek resistance to the invading german army in ww2 that he ordered the release of all greek pows for " their gallant bearing " .	too bad that judging any modern group of peoples for the failings and successes of their past is in fact a pretty scummy , highly delusional thing to do .

1 poor white southerners in american south , who were viewed in the north as lazy and stupid , were actually victim to a hookworm epidemic that turned them into listless	that , and pellagra and malaria , and simply the different work rhythms necessitated by heat and humidity . northerners make the same disparaging remarks about southerners that their english
2 > to their marriage customs like stopping every fucking minority they can from marrying .	i believe you're referring to miscegenation laws . there was never a ban on marrying within one's race . what * i * was referring to was the age at

1 robert e . lee not only considered slavery a moral & political evil , but his wife and daughter set up an illegal school for slaves at their arlington plantation	the first part of the til is true but misleading . he thought slavery was evil , but he was all about the white man's burden and thought slavery was
2 to be fair to the guy , science was right behind him . until guys like boaz ( and i think wallace ) came around later to move science away	was that respected science though , or a past equivalent to the kind of science that people point to when they say that global warming is a hoax ?

1 playboy refused to print richard thompson's list of best songs of the millennium because he took the task literally and chose songs dating back to 1068	like how miss universe only includes our planet or how the nfl , nba , and mlb claim to be world champs and play no one else in the world
2 there is one mlb team in canada , so they kinda get a pass ? i guess ? edit : i'm sorry i left out the toronto raptors of the	serious question here ... the hell happened to the montreal expos ? i don't follow baseball ( obviously ) but i do know there used be a team called the
3 they moved to dc . now they're the nationals . also , they're pretty good now .	montreal was on pace to win everything one year and the league went on strike and killed the season .

1 during ww2 a mix of high explosive and flour was given to guerrillas fighting the japanese . codenamed ' aunt jemima ' , it could be safely cooked into pancakes	i originally read that as " was given to gorillas fighting the japanese " and i thought ' man ww2 was a lot cooler than i remembered ' .
2 the last thing the japs expected was a bunch of gorillas slinging pancake bombs	they would have known exactly what america stood for .

1 the creator of cowboy bebop was told to make a show to sell spaceship toys , with the instructions , " so long as there's a spaceship in it ,	and yet i have never seen a single spaceship toy from cowboy bebop .
2 they didn't make it over here for the most part . bullshit markup on the swordfish in hlj .	there are multiple of the swordfish on amazon and the prices are similar to that of the prices on amazon japan .

1 thad roberts , a nasa intern , spent 7 years in federal prison after having sex with his girlfriend on a bed full of stolen moon rocks .	missleading title ? it wasnt the sex that got him locked up .
2 what was it ? don't wanna click the adticle	it looks like it was for stealing the moon rocks

1 in 1989 , cia original operative , wrote that in the future , world war 3 would occur when " soviet russia " dupes the united states and israel into	i really wish , that people would use , commas properly .

1 666 is not the number of the beast , it's 616 and was changed in later versions of the bible to mirror the number of jesus , 888	the area code where i grew up was 616 .
2 you come from hell ? !	you're thinking of 313 . stargateguy would be a little to the west of that .

1 franz ferdinand was wearing a bulletproof vest the day he was shot , unfortunately he was shot in the neck .	the title made me laugh .

1 missy elliot qualified as a genius through an iq test as a child , skipped two grades of school , only to deliberately fail afterwards so she could return to	for the people implying that she somehow wasted her potential , you do remember that she ’ s a famous multimillionaire , and a five-time grammy award-winner , right ?

1 einstein was stopped so much in public , he would reply , " pardon me , sorry ! always i am mistaken for professor einstein . "	this keeps getting posted and keeps getting less interesting .

1 not all kamikaze were volunteers , ' ' it's all a lie that they left filled with braveness and joy , crying , ' long live the emperor ! '	i would have flown off somewhere and surrendered .
2 you probably would not have been a pilot in the war then .	even better .

1 christopher nolan's interstellar is the only film in the top 10 worldwide box office of 2014 to be wholly original--not a reboot , remake , sequel , or part of	thank god , i'm so sick of seeing the same movie rehashed every couple of years .

1 termites are being researched as a possible renewable energy source as they can produce up to 2 litres of hydrogen from ingesting a single sheet of paper , making them	i was about to post something questioning the ethics of harvesting energy from a living being . then i remembered i was looking forward to a chicken-based dinner .
2 they're fucking termites . who cares	who's fucking termites ? did i miss something ?

1 dell buyout backed by microsoft could jeopardize the future of pre-installed linux on dell machines	it's more likely that the crobar team will have to spend more time supporting windows installs , but otherwise , it doesn't seem like a big loss .

1 lego has no military related sets because the inventor's policy was to not want to make war seem like child's play	ehhhh i had a few wild western themed lego when i was a kid that definitely had a few guns .

1 although pancreatic cancer is usually deadly , steve jobs had the one variety that's curable . but for nine months , he refused treatment and instead tried a vegan diet	steve jobs was a new age dumbass .
2 wait , eating kale cookies won't cure my cancer ? shit .	well duh , they weren't gluten-free , that's why .
3 as a celiac , the whack-a-doo hippies who insist on gluten free has really helped the shelves get a lot more gluten-free friendly . they might be idiots , but	no wonder my kitchen keeps throwing up all the time , i don't think my shelves are gluten-free friendly .

1 : by 1982 , space invaders had grossed $ 2 billion . just in quarters ..	question : do arcade owners pay a percentage of revenue to the developer ? or do they keep all the money they make once they buy the machine ?
2 in american cities the mob was heavily involved in the arcade game business in the 80s and 90s . they'd force businesses like pizza places , video stores , bodegas	source ? are you sure it's not like video slots in a lot of non-legal gambling cities . where the owner of the machine takes 50 % but also pays

1 there's no archeological evidence of ancient jews being enslaved by , and later escaping , egyptian rule .	jew here . i thought that this was common knowledge .
2 yeah , every rabbi i've talked to will readily admit the " exodus from egypt " as being fictitious parable ; a lesson to be learned . g2g back to	wait , ex-jew here . so then what were the jews doing back then ? fuckin around in canaan ? seriously though ... i don't get how you just "
3 i don't think you can be an " ex-jew " unless you were a convert and then stopped practicing . you still get to be a jew , you're just	go over to [ / r / debateanatheist ] ( / r / debateanatheist ) or [ / r / debatereligion ] ( / r / debatereligion ) .

1 suge knight's girlfriend who was about to testify against him disappeared and hasn't been found since 2008 . when all charges were cleared suge knight said " god is good	i remember in eminem's song ' like toy soldiers ' , he raps " i went my whole career without ever mentioning ~ ~ suge ~ ~ . " i

1 in 2002 , steven bradbury won australia's first ever winter olympics gold medal because of a crash on every speed skating race he participated in , even the gold medal	* * please do a search before reposting : * * http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/search?q=Steven+Bradbury&restrict_sr=on&sort=relevance&t=all

1 in 2008 drew brees led to league in passing touchdowns and yards while phillip rivers had the bets qbr but peyton manning won mvp	this seems familiar ? didn't peyton take the colts far in the playoffs that year ?
2 goes to show just how valuable each qb truly was when they could be compared on the same field . neither of them had a particularly good game though .	actually that comparison is utterly useless unless they play the same team . which they did not .
3 you're right . rivers actually had to play against the tougher defense that day ( 7th v . 15th ) .	but alas , it wasn't the same one . unless you think tom brady is a worse qb than eli manning ( brady played the 7th ranked defense and lost

1 " the lord of the rings : the return of the king " is the first and only fantasy film ever to win an academy award for " best picture	it's not like there is a massive amount of snubbed fantasy films . most of them are crap .
2 [ oscar worthy ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=28snhq40C8o ) and you [ know it ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uZne8XjVajM0 ) ...	oh , jeremy irons ... why ?
3 don't forget the travesty of a film that was eragon .	i loved the book ... why did they ruin the damn movie .

1 : an individual horse has a peak power output of 14.9 horsepower	itt : people who didn't read the linked article .

1 in the german version of die hard , all the terrorists are given english names .	in the german version , it is simply known as " the hard " .
2 actually , it's " die slowly " .	" the slowly "

1 the maori verse of god defend new zealand isnt a translation of the english at all .	did you think that it was just a real good fluke that they both rhymed ?

1 the tv series captain planet was the first children's show to deal with hiv-aids . the episode involved a villain brainwashed a community , making them think hiv could pass	the voice cast for this is astonishing . am i the only uk fellow unfamiliar with it or am i just too young ?
2 you missed out dude such a great show . the best part was the villains were evil for the sake of evil . for instance some guy wants to make	[ ma-ti ... i think we need to talk ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3JeLcP7Xa5o )

1 the first " netbook " ( generic term ) ran linux , not windows !	why is this surprising at all ? i still have mine and it was only like 5 or 6 years ago

1 mall of america is owned by canadians	inversely , many " canadian stores / brands " are owned by those from the states ( timmy's , molson , ccm is owned by reebok , bauer is owned

1 " the safety dance " is a protest against bouncers stopping dancers pogoing to 1980s new wave music in clubs when disco was dying and new wave was up and	[ mandatory ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7-bIhCBSrzU )
2 can't click but i really hope it's turk's safety dance .	;)

1 belgian relegation playoffs : bottom 2 sides face each other 5 times in a row to determine who stays up	and then the winner usually goes down in the group with the second league clubs anyway .

1 hershey's chocolate is flavored with sour-tasting butyric acid , which also gives vomit its aroma . this is why people unaccustomed to american chocolate sometimes compare it to vomit .	from america , hersheys tastes like vomit .

1 when nathan lane told his mother he was gay , she replied " i would rather you were dead " . to which nathan said , " i knew you'd	he and i share a birthdate of february 3rd .

1 nico rosberg can be the first german driver in a german team to win the german gp since rudolf caracciola in 1939	i still don't see mercedes as a german team tbh ... it's mostly british . i guess it's german officially but in reality it really isn't .
2 yeah the factory is british , which is why i didn't say ' german car ' . but in reality , the majority of the people working in each factory	why do you think most of the people wouldn't be british ? i'd be surprised if at least 50 % at the mercedes factory aren't british tbh .

1 in 1979 , an unknown group of people paid for the erection of the " georgia guidestones " , 6 granite slabs that instruct the survivors of an apocalyptic scenario	drove an hour to see it ... looked cool but had paint and crap all over it from vandals . i was a little let down as it doesn't seem
2 i only live 30 minutes away but i didn't go until two years ago . it's a pretty cool place and if anyone happens to be in elberton , i	i can honestly say that i never thought i'd hear the phrase " granite enthusiast " .

1 the the ' zero ' was invented by an indian mathematician aryabhata	so , he was the real-life guru laghima ?

1 in ancient greece throwing an apple at someone was considered a marriage proposal .	i'm going to start throwing apples at people and see how it goes .

1 jehovah's witnesses don't vote .	good

1 the only player in nfl history to score a touchdown against every team is terrell owens .	what team hasn't jerry rice scored against ?

1 ' philadelphia ' creme cheese was actually created in new york and only given its namesake because philadelphia was deemed a better culinary center than new york .	... better everything ...

1 actress toni collette faked appendicitis so well when she was eleven that doctors removed it , even though their tests showed there was nothing wrong .	wow - i know someone who did that too , just to get out of dance class , and it worked !

1 greg giraldo is a harvard law graduate .	he is still a harvard law graduate . he is also dead .

1 sean connery was offered to play in manchester united , but chose to decline it and move on to the film industry .	i heard on the radio the other day that this is a gross exaggeration . if i recall correctly , it was more like a scout had seen him play
2 i looked into this a little and that's pretty much exactly what happened . he played for a team called bonnyrigg rose , who were a very average semi professional	yeah , i thought it was something like that . nice work on the confirming research , good sir .

1 sahara is only in a dry period and is expected to be green again in 15,000 years .	everything is only in a ' period ' , nothing lasts forever .
2 true , eventually antarctica will be green again too . i am honestly curious how many unknown fossils must lie under all the ice and dirt and rock .	13
3 42	4269

1 the 2008 constitution of ecuador recognized nature as an entity with legally enforceable rights , making it the first country in the world to do so .	imho , that's very immoral . when you transfer " rights " to things that don't act to make their own decisions , then it allows for questions like "
2 newsflash : we don't make our own decisions . edit : downvote me all you want . you can't handle the truth .	maybe , but if we don't believe that we do , we behave in very detrimental ways .

1 : canadians eat more donuts per capita than any other country .	tim hortons . if we had those delicious gems in america that would be quickly changed .
2 as a canadian i died inside when i found out they no longer bake there donuts fresh in store .	this is true . i just started " baking " at one a few weeks ago while i find something better . my job consists of putting frozen shit in
3 i do mri scans at a hypothermia lab . our jobs are similar .	this simultaneously terrifies and reassures me .

1 the us invaded guatemala in 1954 and deposed democratically elected president jacobo árbenz guzmán for the benefit of an american fruit company	the us also did similar things in peru and panama . getting rid of troublesome foreign leaders who were more concerned with their country's wellbeing rather than pander to american
2 and the us invaded mexico , cuba , haiti , dominican republic , nicaragua , honduras , and panama	and grenada

1 in the star wars universe , " spice " is actually drugs and han solo was a drug smuggler previous to meeting luke skywalker .	the spice must flow .
2 the spice is life .	fear is the mind killer .
3 fear is the little death that brings total obliteration .	i will face my fear .

1 : that in 1955 , quaker oats company gave away legal deeds to tiny parcels of land in alaska in boxes of cereals	i bought a square inch of land for my grandpa in north pole , alaska . unfortunately , it's only zoned for park land .

1 although pancreatic cancer is usually deadly , steve jobs had the one variety that's curable . but for nine months , he refused treatment and instead tried a vegan diet	this is a shining example of how really smart people talk themselves out of the most logical choices .

1 the canadian ice hockey team were so dominant that they did not participate in the knock-out tournament of the 1930 world championships . they were put straight into the gold	canada was literally like the final boss in a video game . that's pretty impressive

1 while nazis killed 6 million jews in ww2 , the imperial japanese slaughtered at least 23 million chinese	as a history major , i hate so very much that this is a til ... people should already know this .

1 when asked about his participation in ' jaws : the revenge ' , michael caine famously replied " i have never seen the film , but by all accounts it	i guess it just comes down to the old " acting as an art vs acting as a job " . no reason for an artist not to take the

1 the nijō palace in kyoto has special floors that squeak when walked upon , a sound that is very similar to the nightingale birds . so when attackers tried to	* cancels shogun killing mission this weekend *
2 you are now a ronin .	a ronin is a samurai who has lost his master .

1 16 % lithuanian people are hiv resistant .	does this mean that someone who is resistant will harbor hiv to where they will still be contagious ?

1 printer ink cost over 7 times more than dom perignon vintage champagne per milliliter	and why does it cost so much when the price per gallon to produce it is less than half a penny ? because people will pay ...
2 or you could have gotten a more expensive printer or lazer and it would be much moore effective with the amount of ink it will spend per page .	i really do not understand why people continue to buy inkjet printers , color lasers are superior in literally every single conceivable way .
3 what i cant understand is the hate printers have on reddit . heck next week wil get the til printer ink cost more than blood .	i bet it does , too .

1 rashid bin saeed al maktoum , the emir of dubai from 1958 to 1990 , said of their oil-centric economy : " my grandfather rode a camel , my father	i rode a stroller as an infant , a bicycle as a child , a bus as a teenager , a sensible mid-size gas friendly suv as an adult ,
2 same here . hotdogs in the crust ... what an amazing world we live in !	what kind of a society are we actually living in ?

1 an identity thief stole the identity of a surgeon and while aboard a navy destroyer was tasked with performing several life saving surgeries . he proceeded to memorize a medical	holy shit . while impersonating a monk , the guy [ founded a college that still exists . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Walsh_University ) any walsh students / alumni here ?
2 current walsh student here ... i don't know what to think of this	wait , is this not common knowledge for walsh students ?

1 : in 1995 , st . jude's hospital received an anonymous letter with a $ 1 million winning mcdonald's monopoly game piece . although it was against the rules to	i used to work for st . jude and this story was told as part of my training in order to emphasize the reason we always open mail with another
2 or some douchenozzle could've take it for himself too .	second time today i've seen " douchenozzle " used on reddit . i like it ...

1 in 1987 , a prison inmate broke a glass partition and knocked out the lights in a visitation area to have sex with a woman who was visiting him .	this guy has more til's about his life than a lot of people .
2 wait , utah still uses a firing squad ? bloody hell ...	they dont , not for a while , but when he was incarcerated in the 80s , it was still legal
3 so it is applied retrospectively ? he was killed three years ago ...	he was sentenced to death by firing squad before utah stopped sentencing people to death by firing squad .

1 there is a snake venom that causes you to bleed from all holes of your body	handling venomous snakes ? let's see what [ steve irwin has to say on the subject ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qj36nwn0JcE )

1 microsoft used to ask , " why are manhole covers round " as a psychological assessment question during interviews .	humans are fairly cylindrical - more so than squared a square manhope cover can fall into the manhole while a round one can't

1 there was a controversial seinfeld episode that was never filmed due to its dark subject matter ; the cast began rehearsing , but upon learning the script involved elaine purchasing	no kidding that's controversial . women almost never commit suicide using handguns .
2 head in the oven . a slow roasted suicide .	when people kill themselves by sticking their head in the oven , they are not cooking their heads to death , they are inhaling the gas .

1 : members of the band " good charlotte " protested against kfc's treatment of chickens . then in 2012 and 2013 appeared in a number of kfc commercials in australia	good charlotte was still a band in 2012 & 2013 .
2 they must've ran out of teenage angst by now .	fall out boy managed to stay popular .

1 in the movie ' groundhog day ' that writer / director harold ramis original script had andy mcdowell's character living the time loop with murray , that murray kept track	there was a short film i remember seeing with a very similar premise , basically an experiment goes wrong and the scientist gets stuck i a time loop , in
2 i don't think it's the film you're after , but the same premise is used for the film 12:01 , which was about a failed experiment that caused time to	thats it ! i could hug you man

1 in 1927 several million people in the united states sent over 100,000 petitions urging congress to adopt the metric system .	that's a ton of signatures .

1 when faced with over 1,000 nva troops , roy p . benavidez flew into a gunfight to save 12 special forces soldiers with only a knife . he was shot	i have met him before when he came to my junior high school . i was 13 and nothing if value to say , but he was very nice and

1 the martian moon phobos has a monolithic structure on it , and is believed by some scientists to be a hollow metal spaceship . what ? !	or maybe it is a rock

1 the city of scranton , pennsylvania is so close to bankruptcy that its government officials ( including the mayor ) are paid $ 7.25 / hr	why isn't the state government providing them with emergency funds to stave off this bankruptcy ?

1 keanu reeves had a girlfriend in the late 90s that gave birth to his daughter but tragically the baby was stillborn and the girlfriend died in a car accident 2	[ sad ] ( http://i4.ytimg.com/vi/kcsemGUl0xM/hqdefault.jpg )
2 why is there a ghost in an orange jumpsuit off to the right ?	he's not actually in an orange jumpsuit . you're just seeing part of the thing ( building ? train ? ) in the background painted orange .

1 the flash travelled back in time , became a form of pure energy , and was the very bolt of lightning that gave him powers in the first place .	it was retconned , doesn't count .
2 every thing in comics is and or will be retconned .	and everyone in comics that dies will come back to life . except for uncle ben . cause fuck you peter parker . ( actually i bet even he came
3 nightcrawler , how i miss thee .	i'm a relatively new comic book fan , did nightcrawler die ?

1 after tearing a ligament in his throwing arm during what would be his final game , nolan ryan threw one last pitch that was clocked at 98 mph .	as a filthy australian who isn't familiar with the ' merikan way of freedum . can someone translate this into an ' strayan way ?
2 man pushing 50 years old throws object almost 160km per hour with a torn ligament in his arm , something difficult for uninjured super athletes half his age .	that is insane .

1 tycho brahe had a tame elk . it died by drinking too much beer at a dinner and falling down some stairs .	he also had a psychic dwarf named [ jepp ] ( http://astrobiology.jhu.edu/tag/tycho-brahe/ ) that he kept under the dinner table .

1 china has a law that requires every citizen over the age of 11 to plant at least one tree per year . as a result , china currently has the	this is the only way to avoid running out of chopsticks and escape the massive famine that would follow .
2 actually china imports chopsticks from usa . http://newsfeed.time.com/2011/06/04/import-irony-china-buys-its-chopsticks-from-a-small-georgia-town/ edit : yes i now know they are out of business .	seriously ? china uses a crap-ton more chopsticks than 2million a day . also , read up ... http://www.walb.com/story/19550417/georgia-chopsticks-goes-bankrupt http://www.americustimesrecorder.com/local/x2086601460/Georgia-Chopsticks-closed http://www.woodworkingnetwork.com/wood-blogs/fine-woodworking/custom-bill-esler/Wood-Chopsticks-Firm-Forced-To-Close-160001145.html#sthash.wpMloOKJ.dpbs http://www.americustimesrecorder.com/local/x2086601460/Georgia-Chopsticks-closed
3 do people only ever use one pair and then throw them out ? i figure a family would have chopsticks like we in western society has cutlery , we have	disposable chopsticks are primarily given with fast food or street food . chopsticks for home use are made of better wood and sold in sets of 10 . those are

1 weird al yankovic has asked permission from prince to parody his songs on numerous occasions , and has always been refused . when the two were assigned to sit in	as awesome as prince is , he is his own worst enemy . he could be loved by so many if he would just quit being such a twit .
2 pretty sure he now goes door to door as a jehovah's witness because his mother on her deathbed requested it of him .	if prince showed up at my house and asked me to convert , i'd have to genuinely consider my options at that point .
3 i'd convert , he'd just have to fuck me first .	would you want him to remove his crushed velvet assless chaps first or leave them on ?

1 100 years ago detroit electric automobiles were reliably getting 80 miles between recharging , and one test saw 211.3 miles on a single charge .	itt : people missing the point that an electric car going 20mph over 80-200 miles would probably have improved by now .

1 the only player in nfl history to score a touchdown against every team is terrell owens .	i loved reading the lengthy part of his page where they described all of his crazy td celebrations . > on september 16 , 2007 , owens mocked bill belichick
2 i'll respect that . let's be honest , if you get a touch down , have fun with it .	unless you're down by 40 .
3 or even up by 40 .	or the atlanta braves

1 old dirty bastard of wu tang clan assisted in lifting a car off a 4 year old girl after a traffic accident . he frequently visited the girl in hospital	" i have a mr . dirty bastard here to see little jenny "

1 the author of jaws dedicated the last decade of his life to the preservation of sharks to make up for the mass hysteria he inadvertently helped create .	i , for one , appreciate this man and his effort

1 if you plant an apple seed the resulting plant is a different apple variety , like if a granny smith seed is planted than you might get a ' red	your chance of getting a red delicious is pretty slim . the resulting apple is far more likely to be inedible . there's a great chapter on apples in the
2 i believe they made this into a documentary as well .	they did . a wonderful watch !

1 what al-qaida's strategy for 2001-2020 is	eh , i can't really see this part of step 5 happening : > and a wahhabi caliphate will be installed across the region . and i mean , steps
2 given that wahhabism is a sect of sunni , it's unlikely that shia muslims would be amenable to a wahhabi caliphate .	but it is important to remember that all the previous caliphates , including the ottoman empire were sunni . however , the demographics in islam have changed drastically in the

1 ohio and minnesota enforce special license plates for dui offenders	most states don't have whisky plates .
2 we call them party plate here in cleveland	hey , i'm from just outside east cleveland ! wbu ?
3 parma here , and yeah definitely party plates lmfao .	live right next to you in the noro

1 chloroform isn't good for kidnapping - it takes at least five minutes of inhaling an item soaked in chloroform to render a person unconscious	thanks for the heads up . what should i use instead ?
2 i never understood why they don't just replace chloroform with ether in movies - ether is way more fast acting in that limbs turn to spaghetti on the first inhale	actually , its the opposite . chloroform replaced ether as an anaesthetic largely due to its much faster response . mostly due to the fact that it wasn't stupid flammable

1 death note was banned in china in 2005 . students had been making death notes , writing the names of acquaintances , enemies , and teachers in the books .	but i thought that most manga's are banned in the prc ? , op , do you have any info on how the japanese-origin media is treated on in the
2 i know for a fact death note was - not - banned in hong kong . furthermore , they released it in chinese . so no , not all manga	a lot of manga's and anime's are commonly translated to cantonese , no idea about mandarin , though ( ironically , the world's most spoken language ) .

1 a recently amputated eye cannot be used to bypass a retinal scanner as the capillaries dry up too quickly	" amputated " ?

1 when chris pratt's wrestling coach asked what he wished to do with his life he responded with ' i don't know , but i know i'll be famous and i	yea so what pratt is one of millions who say that . the rest are not famous nor making money .

1 male ants do not have fathers because unfertilized eggs become males while fertilized eggs become females	is that why they're all black ?
2 when people insist that reddit's not racist , i'll refer them to this , the most upvoted post here .	hahaha i hate when people joke too ! i mean why do people have to try and have fun ?

1 light switches in new zealand , austrailia , uk , and ireland are flipped down to turn on .	unless you have two light switches that control the same light .

1 14 - year old laurence fishburne lied about his age to play a 17 year old soldier in apocalypse now . filming took so long that fishburne was actually 17	laurence fishburns's daughter is a porn actress and prostitute !

1 in 1961 , alan shepard was waiting for liftoff to become the first american in space , a reporter asked him what he was thinking about . he replied "	even less known fact : shepard's brother alex chimed in shortly after by telling the reporter " just like your mom ! " which resulted in a chorus of "

1 peta had a problem with the whaling segment of assassins creed : black flag . ubisoft dismissed it saying they did not condone whaling any more than they they condoned	yes peta - the organization that claims to like animals but outright steals them from people's homes and kills them . http://www.whypetaeuthanizes.org/maya/ yeah - i give a flying * cough

1 elephants mourn and bury their dead .	" on many occasions , they have buried dead or sleeping humans or aided them when they were hurt . " i know how i want to be buried

1 bakhtiyar khilji , the muslim general destroyed the ancient university and library of nalanda in 1193 in hopes of uprooting buddhism . the destruction of the library is considered responsible	according to reddit , muslims and indians are the same !

1 : an elderly couple was unable to remove three kirby vacuum salesmen from their home for over five hours ; a disabled woman living in a mobile home on $	a kirby salesman came to my house and demonstrated the power of kirby vacuums by putting baking soda in our carpets . he accidentally dumped his whole tin can full
2 wait kirbys aren't even bagless ?	i don't remember exactly the model of the vacuum but the salesman had a catcher attachment that connected to the tube so it wasn't using the actual chamber .

1 bakhtiyar khilji , the muslim general destroyed the ancient university and library of nalanda in 1193 in hopes of uprooting buddhism . the destruction of the library is considered responsible	thanks obammer

1 " lone survivor " marcus luttrell received a dog when he got home to aide in his recovery . in 2009 4 men shot the dog , and luttrell chased	ive read that story before ... who does that kind of thing ? apparently they had been killing a number of neighborhood dogs . its a shame marcus didn't get
2 > its a shame marcus didn't get a chance to kill them . dude ... * why the flying fuck would you say that ? *	because in his opinion people who murder people's dogs are no longer worthy of life themselves .
3 yeah ... seemed pretty obvious to me .	but not to all . [ img ] ( http://i.imgur.com/Huot4sE.jpg )

1 airlines don't pay tax on fuel	neither do farmers . furthermore farms arent subject to gas rationing because they maintain their own gas pumps on site my dad worked on a farm during the gas rationing
2 i've seen people use a secondary fuel tank ;-)	ive never seen anybody pulled over to check the dye either .
3 i saw state troopers checking diesels at a nascar race in dover , de . i don't know how they were legally able to check a parked vehicle .	im not sure how they do the tests but vehicles have the least amount of privacy protection . you dont have a reasonable expectation of privacy with a vehicle so

1 the girl who played young amelia pond is the real life cousin of the actress who played amy pond	worst companion of them all . rory , however , was totally awesome .
2 you obviously stopped watching then , because clara is godawful .	clara is so fucking hot though ...

1 several hells angels members plotted to murder mick jagger after he called them out for fatally stabbing a black man at their free concert in altamont , california in 1969	" how dare you accuse us of being killers ! we'll kill you for that ! "
2 pretty much the same reaction shitstorm that those prophet mohammad comics had a few years ago . " how dare you make fun of islam of being a religion of	i'll just leave [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T7vDD2xsrv8 ) here ...

1 arnold schwarzenegger made numerous guest appearances on king of the hill .	i've watched that show religiously since the first season and have a lot of the seasons on dvd and i've never noticed him .. edit : well look at that

1 according to rotten tomatoes , the toy story trilogy is the most critically acclaimed trilogy of all time .	blame that on the travesty that was godfather iii
2 probably just my opinion but i didn't feel it was terrible . it was still significantly worse than the first two masterpieces and thus a huge let down to many	above average film that had to follow two of the best films ever made . add in sofia coppola and you have yourself 6 feet under .
3 i actually like the third one better , then the second one , and the first one i hate the most .	wat

1 the world's oldest person attributed her ripe old age ( 122 ) to a diet of olive oil , port wine and 1kg of chocolate per week .	or you know ... genetics .

1 on september 26th , 2011 mikey welsh posted on twitter , " dreamt i died in chicago next weekend ( heart attack in my sleep ) . need to write	coincidence ? premonition ? prophecy ? vision ? suicide ? we'll never know .

1 in 2005 , the dea reported seizing $ 477 million worth of drugs , whereas the estimated value of drugs sold within and into the us is $ 64 billion	9 years ago ...

1 the great pyramid of giza was once covered in highly polished white limestone , before it was removed to build mosques and fortresses .	there is also a possibility that the tip was covered in gold or other precious metals .
2 it's also possible that the pyramids were built not by slave labor as many suspect , but through the telekinetic abilities of one of the earliest mutants .	i thought they were built by a parasitic race that used the pyramids as landing pads for their ships .
3 ( http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m3znghVLWx1qe11iy.gif ) edit * hey , my first gilded comment ! thanks guys !	speaking of such , they are rebooting the movies . yay !

1 hedy lamarr , who was once voted most beautiful woman in the world , also invented a torpedo navigation system still that is still used today	heh heh : the film's director had simulated looks of passion from offscreen by poking her in the bottom with a safety pin

1 of urbach-wiethe disease , a rare genetic disorder that damages the amygdala and causes people to be unable to experience fear .	oh amygdala , go easy on the poor bastard

1 to get greeks to gain an interest in potatoes , a large shipment of potatoes was left on the docks of nafplio under guard . the guards were ordered to	* * do not google " deadly potato " in images ! * *
2 wasn't going to until you said not too . now i've seen + 1 dick that i didn't need to see today .	you're doing the lord's work by countering the tempting google warning

1 the venom of the brazilian wandering spider can cause an erection that lasts for hours .	yeah and its likely to bust a blood vessel and you will never be able to get an erection again .

1 the number of chinese killed by the japanese during ww2 is greater than the number of jews killed in the holocaust	for those interested , the seminal work on the subject is entitled * the rape of nanking : the forgotton holocaust of world war ii * by iris chang .

1 during napoleons 6 day stay in malta he ; reformed national administration , created twelve municipalities , created a public finance administration , abolished all feudal privileges and slavery ,	in the last six days i've sat on my ass .

1 canada has specifically banned members of the westboro baptist church from entering the country .	good for canada . as much as i do not approve of the wbc's message , i whole heartedly respect their right to voice whatever nonsense they wish .
2 when i see things like this : ¨ the group came into the national spotlight in 1998 , when it was featured on cnn for picketing the funeral of matthew	banning one group's rights to speech because you don't agree with them would set a dangerous precedent . you can be angry , rant and rave , swear and raise

1 on january 27 , 1992 , then president george h . w . bush said that he wanted the american family to be more like the waltons than the simpsons	he meant sam walton
2 then it would mean groening thought he meant http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Waltons the waltons . how is sam walton about praying for depression to end . im not calling you out - just	[ nobody likes mobile links ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Waltons )

1 it takes approximately 6 % of a crowd to change the entire direction the crowd is traveling in	oh man . this would be the funnest flash mob
2 yeah it would be pretty fun to try out lol . [ here's an unrelated old social psych experiment ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BgRoiTWkBHU ) showing how weirdly we can be manipulated	i tried searching for more " fun social experiments " but all i found were those stupid fucking prank videos .

1 during wwii , a german and british aeroplane shot each other down in norway , and the crew met and then helped each other survive . two of them then	enemy mine : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RB87kN6UTLg
2 i remember watching half of that film and really liked it ... never finished it though ...	then you missed all the reptile sex and the joe montana cameo .

1 finland made internet access a legal right in 2010	does it mean that if i would move to finland i would have the right to get someone to set up internet acces in my home ?
2 it means the government cannot prevent you from getting access to the internet .	that actually makes sense . but the second the government mandates that someone must provided with a service , that's unacceptable .

1 mohammad mosaddegh was the democratically elected prime minister of iran who was overthrown by the us cia in 1953 for having the audacity to nationalize the iranian oil industry to	shit's more complicated than that , bro .

1 fred phelps of the westboro baptists church was a life-long democrat , running for office repeatedly and serving as a delegate for al gore in the 1988 democrat presidential primary	http://imgur.com/3GWmJy1

1 kurt godel ( considered to be one of the most significant logicians in human history ) discovered an inconsistency in the u . s . constitution , one that would	it's up to human beings to enforce the constitution . there's your problem right there .

1 in 1976 a film crew went to the haunted house in a california amusement park to shoot footage for a popular tv show . they discovered a hanging body that	slight resemblance to liam neeson .

1 only 59 % of u . s . adults know humans and dinosaurs did not coexist	false . they keep both in the same exhibit at my local zoo .

1 we've identified a protein that is critical in virtually all addictions : δfosb .	" we " ?

1 the white stripes claimed to be brother / sister instead of the divorced couple they are . the detroit free press published their marriage ( 1996 ) & divorce (	if you're wondering why they say this , it's so media wouldn't focus on their relationship more than their music .

1 no game of thrones on memorial day weekend this year - we'll have to wait an extra week for episodes 9 and 10	they don't want people to miss the episode and be spoiled by their friends . episode 9s are always the climax

1 because a large number of black males are unable to shave without severe irritation , domino's was found in violation of the 1991 civil rights act by requiring all their	when i worked er we had black guys come in for help after using neat on the face . don't do that !
2 you mean nair ?	that's neat .

1 john hopkins university conducted a study of mushrooms with 36 college-educated adults ( average age of 46 ) who had never tried psilocybin nor had a history of drug use	do you like mushrooms ? only the ones that can make the sunrise in your living room .
2 a sunrise ? at this time of day , in this part of the country , localized entirely in your living room ?	i know this is a references to a movie or tv show , but i can't remember what exactly . care to help ?
3 skinner & supernintendo chalmers	let's all have some steamed hams .

1 elvis ' manager sold " i hate elvis " badges to make money from those who otherwise wouldn't have parted with their cash for elvis merchandise .	just like how the wwe started selling " cena sucks " t-shirts
2 [ jooooooooooooohhhnn ceeeennaaaa ! ( da da na na ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UkM48Kmk0yY )	rrrrrrrrrabada ! ^ 🎺 ^ ^ 🎺 🎺 ^ 🎺 ^ ^ ^ 🎺 ^ ^ 🎺 🎺 ^ 🎺

1 the season 3 dvd of tv's " pete & pete " has been produced , pressed , and packaged , but never released to retailers . they " are sitting	what's the address to the warehouse ?

1 : in 2011 drug cartel kidnapped hundreds of innocent bus passengers in mexico and made them fight to death like gladiators . the winners were sent on suicide missions	note to self : don't be an innocent bus passenger in mexico . note back to self : ha ! we are not ever going to mexico . we can
2 let's hope this level of violence does not spill over the border and that mexico can get this under control somehow . columbia is managing to , but not without	there's only 1 way to put an end to it and it's legalizing drugs .
3 these people aren't rational . it isn't like they'll be like " drugs are legal now , may as well stop " , they'll move on to other things .	if they are violent sociopaths , most aren't born that way . mexico doesn't just for some reason has a higher number of people born with mental illnesses . they

1 over 90 % of pregnancies in the united kingdom and europe with a diagnosis of down syndrome are terminated .	> when non pregnant people are asked if they would have a termination if their fetus tested positive 23 – 33 % said yes quite a discrepancy there .
2 when i was in high school , in our " social issues " class , we were asked if we'd choose to abort if we found out our unborn child	cause i'm sure these students are lining up to befriend the special needs kids at school . / s

1 a florida deputy told a quadriplegic to stand up , and when he responded that he was unable to do so , she dumped him out of his wheelchair .	i would sue the fuck out of her and florida .

1 in college , theodor seuss geisel was caught drinking gin with his friends ; as a result , his dean insisted he resign from the college magazine . to continue	well that's dean-tastic !

1 howard stern ran for governor of new york in 1994 promising to limit road work to night hours . he eventually withdrew , but later that year , the howard	bullshit , you dont know how many times i run myself into the grand central parkway and road blocks are everywhere . but at least its suppressed in terms of

1 robert e . lee not only considered slavery a moral & political evil , but his wife and daughter set up an illegal school for slaves at their arlington plantation	he was actually the first general asked by lincoln to command the union forces i believe . if he would have agreed the civil war would have lasted a fraction
2 i believe it had something to with that back then people still thought of themselves more as a member of their state then as a citizen of the us .	and more as a member of a state than a moral being . i can't imagine what group i would defend that engaged in slavery .

1 matt stone & trey parker had people warn them that there would be mormon protests surrounding their musical " the book of mormon " , but the church has had	now imagine if someone did the same with scientology ...

1 on titan the atmosphere is so thick and the gravity so low that humans could fly through it by flapping " wings " attached to their arms .	to titan we must go

1 giselle from " enchanted " is not considered a disney princess due to monetary circumstances	there was an animated giselle in the beginning of the movie . i guess that was based on amy's image too though . whatever , she'll always be a princess

1 in the us , drying laundry on a line is seen as a sign of poverty rather than common sense	why is it common sense to let leaves and bugs fly through my freshly laundered clothes if i have a dryer ?

1 whenever al-qaeda organised games of volleyball , mohammed atef and osama bin laden were forced to be on separate teams since they were both tall , and skilled players .	sounds about right , a couple of muslim gays in bikinis on the beach playing volleyball .

1 goldeneye 007 was developed by an inexperienced team ; eight of its ten developers had never previously worked on video games	another fun fact the gun klobb was named after ken lobb an employee at rare who motivated and supported the inexperienced team . edit : k
2 how nice of them to name him after the shittiest gun in the game .	lol yes , i always wondered about that . the klobb was such a piece of shit and you figured that out right away . i wonder if it was
3 well it did the job , because you still remember it / him . what if they named the phantom after him , or the dd44 ? would anyone still	dd44 was my go to pistol . i rocked that shit all the time . two in the head , ya heard ?

1 kennesaw , georgia requires every household to own a gun	other than the traffic ksaw is a lovely place to live , ksu has some amazingly hot women , and nobody seriously enforces that law . continue your circlejerk if
2 downside is that the drivers of kennesaw have about the mental capacity of a headless hammer . but we just got a cookouts restaurant next to campus , so we	oh fuck me , a cookout ? goddammit . think i might make the hour and a half drive tomorrow .

1 the german wwi ace pilot manfred von richthofen , better known as the red barron , was buried by the allies with full military honors .	these are the same people who made it a point to say , " we shoot down planes , not pilots . " they were honorable people , some of

1 dr pepper is the oldest soda that's still selling in the us , and is a year older than coke	vernor's is the oldest . 1866 nearly twenty years older than coke or dp . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vernors
2 is it still sold ? i have never seen a bottle of vernors . heard of it , but i have never seen it sold .	you can get it in wisconsin and michigan , i know that .

1 corgis are bred short so that they can nip at the heels of cows and sheep while herding and not get kicked in the head in the process .	/ r / awwducational
2 wow this is an amazing subreddit . cross-posting and subscribing , thanks !	try to crosspost with a cuter picture though :)

1 jimmy fallon initially majored in computer science but dropped out a semester shy of a degree and switched to communications . " i got out once it got really hard	the math involved in the + + part really throws a lot of undergrads for a spin .
2 i took some introductory programming classes , but i switched before i saw any tough math . what kind of math is involved at higher levels ?	r / chrox is making a joke . in most programming languages the + + indicates that the variable is being incremented . in other words , it's having 1
3 oh ok . woosh on me i guess . even besides math stuff c is tough . i washed out at pointers .	well , frankly , pointers are * the * hardest part about learning c . but once you learn them they are * really * simple ( at least conceptually

1 in the film ' thank you for smoking ' , none of the characters are ever seen smoking .	pretty sure the main guy does once maybe ? in the one scene he is at his apartment and about to light it but then thinks of his kid

1 d . b cooper paid his drink tab during the hijacking .	cooper seemed like a pretty swell type of guy . it's a shame no one ever found out what happened to him , but he more than likely died or
2 there was one guy who confessed on his deathbed that he was db and it was somewhat believable . but other people have tried to claim responsibility so who knows	the fbi tested and his fingerprints didn't match any they have and his dna did not match that on the tie clip they have , so who knows ?

1 3 caribbean islands have expressed interest in joining canada	i love this , pangia via geo-politics . first world order .

1 jim downey , who played the high school principal in billy madison , was a longtime writer on snl . his famous " may god have mercy on your soul	he also played a bum in dirty work
2 [ here's your two dollars . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dvg1IwR85OI )	[ i want my 2 dollars ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6z9Cg46Nktw&t=209 )

1 the original price is right gave a contestant a real elephant as a gag prize , and planned later to give the winner $ 4,000 instead . the winner complained	glad they addressed the elephant in the room

1 the cost of the international space station is funded by the usa 81 % , russia 8 % , europe 3 % , japan 3 % , and canada 1	that's only 96 %
2 probably due to rounding down and small contributions from other countries .	correct . i rounded down , and russia probably gets more .
3 what do you mean by " gets more " ?	meaning some of their costs are not represented .

1 when eminem heard ice ice baby for the first time , he " felt like he didn't want to rap anymore . "	he likely thought , " * i can't beat that - why try ? * " yeah ?
2 damn , the science is too tight http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xtE1HnIU6q8	watched that whole thing . too tight .

1 comedy central has cancelled over 100 shows since its creation in 1989	and for some reason , brickleberry was picked up for a 2nd season . fucking terrible show .

1 when the original mortal kombat game came out , an audit menu listed error macros under the name ermac , leading fans to think there was a third hidden ninja	i remember reading a gamepro article and they said it meant " earnings per machine " i've been telling people that lie ever since .

1 during a pledge drive , a dj at a portland , or radio station promised that the station would never play " stairway to heaven " again if someone made	thats why ive never heard it lol

1 heinrich schliemann while searching for the archaeological remains of troy , blew up 9 levels of archaeological remains with dynamite , including the level that is believed to be the	this was back in the days when " archaeologist " was just a fancy term for " grave robber . "
2 when touring various ruins in egypt , our tour guide constantly talked about artifacts that had been destroyed by dynamite — don't want to dig out a room full of	as well as fighting nazis and indian cultists

1 axl rose had sex his drummer's ( adler ) girlfriend in the recording studio to record the " sex noise " for the song rocket queen .	axl rose was an asshole .

1 the tower of london's ravens are enlisted as soldiers of the kingdom . as in the case with soldiers , the ravens can be dismissed for unsatisfactory conduct . raven	in england , does " retired to wales " mean the same thing that " george went to a farm , where there are a lot of other animals "
2 they sent mike to belize	billy's .
3 i damn near pissed myself laughing when i saw that post	i'm gonna go read it all over again . thank you , / u / marcthelad !

1 in 1997 the hill reported that congresswoman sheila jackson lee asked nasa officials whether the mars pathfinder photographed the u . s . flag that neil armstrong had planted on	the reply from the nasa officials was : " not on this mission , ma'am " source : i remember the news story

1 johnny depp , jude law , and colin farrell gave their entire salaries from the movie " the imaginarium of doctor parnassius " to heath ledger's daughter .	for those who haven't seen the film , they all play the same character who is originally played by heath ledger but unfortunately he passed away before filming was completed
2 really ? i thought the film sucked balls .	can confirm - this film did , in fact , suck balls .

1 l . ron hubbard took a trip to china and in his journal he wrote down his thoughts of the chinese " they smell of all the baths they didn't	my mom says there's a lot of black people in china .

1 any " kobe " beef purchased outside of japan or china is fake ; actual kobe beef must be raised in specific parts of japan , and is illegal to	fauxbe ?
2 i just think it's hilarious that something made " outside " of china could be considered the cheap knock-off !	even funnier , it's not made in china . i crack myself up .

1 the third vice-president of the united states killed one of his political rivals in a duel .	we need to bring dueling with pistols between political candidates back .

1 c - 4 plastic explosive is so chemically stable it can be shot , microwaved , or even * set on fire * without exploding . soldiers in vietnam would	when i was a combat engineer , on the day we worked with c - 4 the drill instructor said " you can light it on fire or you can
2 i would appreciate explanation as to why ? the comment made me laugh i want to make sure it had substance to it .	the short answer is that it requires both heat and pressure to detonate c4 . you must have a sufficient amount of both to do it .

1 - the us navy used battleships built in 1939 until the mid 2000 ' s	fact : the u . s . navy has more aircraft carriers than all of the worlds carriers combined

1 not all kamikaze were volunteers , ' ' it's all a lie that they left filled with braveness and joy , crying , ' long live the emperor ! '	the real travesty is that wikipedia is the source

1 the ancient irish respected their dogs so much that if a warrior or king gained the loyalty of a hound they would be given the prefix ' ' cu '	in [ * song of the sea * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HgbXWt8kM5Q ) , the dog's name is cu . beautiful animation ; would highly recommend .
2 there ain't no dog in that trailer !	[ here he is ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/0d/70/57/0d7057854397a59695962f67620ace8f.jpg ) :)

1 many north american pilots refer to the female voice-warnings of certain aircrafts as " bitching betty "	tyl its also what abrams tankers call her . " driver's hatch open , driver's hatch open , driver's hatch - shut the fuck up already ! "
2 i'm curious . has anyone mounted a bayonet to the main gun ?	drive me closer , i want to stab them with my ~ ~ sword ~ ~ bayonet !

1 hummingbirds have such a high metabolism that they are continuously hours away from starving to death	wish i had that .

1 mark wahlberg committed vicious hate crimes , including harassing african-american children by throwing rocks at them and shouting racial epithets and permanently blinding a vietnamese man in one eye .	we all learned that shit in his ama . he didn't talk about it , but he was asked .
2 learned it then ? it's posted here at least monthly and front paged nearly as often . it's one of the most reposted tils	did you know that during 9/11 , steve buscemi returned to his old fire station and helped out at the world trade center ?

1 the se-ga voice at the start of the sonic the hedgehog took up 1/8 of the cartridge space	worth it .
2 came here for this . i still say it in my head ( and totally , almost definitely not out loud ) every time i see the sega logo .	i was disappointed that the sonic generations game didn't have the same sega intro .
3 i wasn't disappointed with how the game played though ! the retro sound effects for 16 bit sonic and the delightfully corny cut-scenes were great too . i laughed pretty	i did love the game play and the fact that i got it for $ 20 at the sony outlet store .

1 pokémon gold and silver were developed by a small team of only 4 programmers . this is why the game took over 3 years to develop .	if there was one thing i remember as a kid , it was how long the wait was between these games . i guess it just allowed me to appreciate

1 google tried to sell itself to excite.com in 1999 for $ 1 million . excite said no even after the price was lowered to $ 750k .	wtf is excite.com
2 now i feel old .	* looks up from vax terminal * is that like that newfangled webcrawler deal ? * goes back to his mud *

1 carpe diem actually means the opposite of yolo . it's meaning is to take action and be responsible for your future today .	if you think about it , which you probably shouldn't , yolo should mean " be careful , there are no do-overs . "
2 yolo . * you oughta look out . *	be carefolo

1 gene roddenberry , creator of star trek , was once in a plane crash in the desert in syria . with two broken ribs , he repeatedly went back into	you can still do a lot of things with broken ribs depending on how bad the fractures are . as long as no organs are punctured you're pretty good to
2 yeah , try to sleep . or breathe . laughing with fractured / broken ribs is just torture . living in general is just miserable for a few months with	well at least we know he probably wasn't laughing .

1 ohio and minnesota enforce special license plates for dui offenders	they're called party plates here in ohio . they're just a solid yellow plate , which is funny because , they look exactly like a lot of new york plates
2 what part are you from ? everyone i know in columbus ( where i'm from ) calls them drunk plates . o_o and yes ! i think everyone from new	i've never heard anyone in columbus call them drunk plates , party plates is the standard as far as i know .

1 wwii japan killed 4 million more people than the nazis , practiced mengele-like human experimentation , cannibalized and tortured pows , and forced women into military sex slavery .	anyone else notice that the japanese language version of the same page is only a quarter the size of the english language version ?

1 since the chernobyl disaster , the area inside the ' exclusion zone ' has become home to hundreds of wild animals such as deer , owls , boars , bears	animals probably go there to be safe ... from humans ...

1 aldous huxley asked for lsd on his death bed and died whilst tripping	hmmm i wonder who had a more accurate depiction and understanding of lsd , aldous huxley or the great wise honest richard nixon the american people have been played .

1 smith & wesson is going to start phasing out the internal locking mechanism on their revolver line ( started in 2009 and they are currently producing the 442 and 642	they're also removing the schwartz safety from their line of 1911s .

1 after the empire state building opened in new york city in 1931 , much of its office space went unrented . it was nicknamed the " empty state building "	there's a second part of the story , though . in an effort to drum up business , the owners hired a group of about ten men to go up
2 god , where was this job when i was in college	here's your chance to create a start-up .

1 it's only called an acronym when you pronounce the abbreviation as a real word ( ex . nasa ) . otherwise it is known as an initialism ( ex .	pen & teller taught me this ...
2 penn * and he was pretty pissed about it .	at first i didn't realize you were correcting his spelling of penn and thought you were saying that teller was not the one to actually teach this as he doesn't

1 the president of the university of oregon missed out on having " the graduate " filmed at the school in 1967 . not wanting to make the same mistake again	and the famous diner scene in five easy pieces was also filmed in eugene . ... and they have a voodoo donuts . good town .
2 voodoo donuts taste like every other friggin ' donut , they just have ball-shaped donuts and vegan ones ... that's it . i've lived here my whole life and as	no one else makes stoner donuts with capt ' crunch or bacon on them . or donuts shaped like a blunt . you could take safeway donuts home and put

1 george r . r martin still writes using a dos-based word processing application released in 1978 . ( wordstar 4.0 )	wordstar is awesome ...

1 the us invaded guatemala in 1954 and deposed democratically elected president jacobo árbenz guzmán for the benefit of an american fruit company	the us also did similar things in peru and panama . getting rid of troublesome foreign leaders who were more concerned with their country's wellbeing rather than pander to american
2 and the us invaded mexico , cuba , haiti , dominican republic , nicaragua , honduras , and panama	i recommend [ ' confessions of an economic hitman ' ] ( http://www.amazon.com/Confessions-Economic-Hit-John-Perkins/dp/0452287081/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1357591188&sr=8-1&keywords=confessions+of+an+economic+hitman+by+john+perkins ) for more information about this topic .
3 why would someone read fiction if they wanted more information ?	i doubt it's fiction , john perkins says he was an economic assassin , and what he says is pretty spot on .

1 fiji water ran ad stating , " the label says fiji because it's not bottled in cleveland " . cleveland water dept responded by running tests comparing a bottle of	i'm sure cleveland water is great . but fiji is the only bottled water i purchase . it has a crisp or some sort of taste i can't describe that

1 pure methane is odorless . the smell associated with natural gas is added for safety in case of leaks .	pull my finger .

1 there is a bridge in scotland that is famous for dog suicides .	[ saw this on tv a few years back ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ysvn2JDzVw8 )

1 actor james stewart was also a poet . once , while on the tonight show starring johnny carson , he read a poem called " beau " that he had	wow it says he was also a major general in the air force . this til had a bonus til !

1 the first time trey parker used auto-tune , he had to deliberately sing off-key . " you had to be a bad singer in order for that thing to actually	so you're telling me that auto-tune is for shitty singers ?
2 you mean shitty singers like [ mariah carey ? ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Obsessed_%28song%29 ) just because trey parker says it , it does not mean that it is true . different	no one seems to understand this . autotune is used in many different ways . some people use it like t-pain to make your voice sound different and robotic ,

1 the word ' soccer ' originated in the united kingdom , and it was the most popular way of referring to ' association football ' in the uk until the	not sure how this is getting purported as true but it isn't . it was never the more common term for the sport in england . and i've actually read

1 in an 1881 yale-princeton american football game , in an effort to preserve both team's undefeated records , both teams refused to advance the ball on offense , leading to	well if both offenses didnt do anything there would just be all 3 and outs and punts and thats not a game but just a series of kneel downs .

1 gunpowder was discovered by taoist alchemists who were searching for an elixir of immortality	they wern't 100 % wrong . i mean , my uncle's got a lot of that stuff and no one tries to kill him . he's definitely going to live

1 when louis rèard introduced the bikini in france in 1946 , no models were willing to wear such revealing swimwear , so rèard had to hire a stripper to model	yet wear a bra and panties in public and you just started ww3
2 so how many guys do you know that only wear their undies in public ? doesn't matter if they are a girl or not , swimsuits are different material and	well i've seen plenty of guys with clothes that reveal their undies ...
3 haha you mean black people . speak the truth son your among friends here	not this black person . i actually pull my pants up to my waist , like everyone else . * cue calls of " special snowflake . " *

1 vampire bats will die if they can't find blood for two nights in a row . luckily , generous well-fed bats will often regurgitate blood to share with others ,	" blood money "

1 there is a john cleese voice option for tomtom , and when you must " bear to the right " , it is followed by " beaver to the left	i have this as my sat nav . we were only discussing what ' beaver to the left ' actually means . when you arrive at your destination he says
2 " bear to the right " bear is an animal " beaver " to you left beaver is also an animal .	thats what i said ! ! ! men just won't listen . thankyou for being the voice of reason . :)

1 suffixes and prefixes are both kinds of affixes , but there are also nine other categories	absofuckinglutely

1 saturday morning cartoons as we know them in the usa will stop being on network tv on september 27 , 2014	damn , that's terrible . i feel sorry for this younger generation . is this what it feels like to get old ?
2 get over the nostalgia . kids this generation have it better with the instant access to most television shows through streaming services such as netflix . if i had to	i really miss the bugs bunny / road runner show that was on cbs . i watched that well into my adulthood .

1 a man bought what he thought was an empty shipping container , only to discover that it contained a turbine engine from a naval destroyer , with a value of	here is the full story http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/nova-scotia/story/2009/09/08/ns-container-engine.html?ref=rss oh , and he was only trying to sell it for $ 30,000

1 whenever al-qaeda organised games of volleyball , mohammed atef and osama bin laden were forced to be on separate teams since they were both tall , and skilled players .	it's like a fucked version of top gun
2 " you can be my wingman anytime ... " * scene cuts to planes crashing into tower *	" highway to the danger zone ! "

1 it is estimated that gta 5 and the call of duty will make up 25 % of video game sales this year . along with a third of all money	i won't be buying either - never got into gta and after having the same experience playing waw , mw , mw2 and bo , i have sworn off cod
2 you should start getting into gta	i tried . i just really can't play over-the-shoulder 3rd - person views . can't play gears either .

1 3 years after illegally joining the marines at the age of 14 , jacklyn lucas snuck onto a ship bound for iwo jima , stormed the beach without a rifle	a boy named jacklyn .

1 rooney mara wore a red merkin ( pubic wig ) for her nude scenes in the girl with a dragon tattoo after she suggested to david fincher that lizbeth salander	i don't remember even seeing her pubes ?

1 nobel prize-winning biochemist kary mullis stated that his lsd use greatly helped him develop the polymerase chain reaction , a commonly used technique in molecular biology .	this doesn't really help provide evidence for lsd being useful for creativity , all this would suggest is that he thinks lsd helps him creatively .
2 but we already have more than enough evidence that lsd is useful for creativity , so it stands to reason .	creativity does not have to mean anything remotely useful . huge amounts of resources would be wasted on pursuing inane fantasies .
3 lsd has diminishing returns , you have to wait about a week to have the same effects from the same dosage . it's really quite a safe drug , something	you could do it the same day and go to work like normal . it's nothing like the media makes it out to be .

1 , kim cattrall , while filming star trek iv : the undiscovered country , posed for photos on the enterprise bridge wearing nothing but vulcan ears . fearing harm to	he was probably like , " give me those . i will ... erhm ... destroy them . "
2 [ nimoy has a photo project featuring large women ] ( http://www.rmichelson.com/artist_pages/nimoy/pages/MaxBeaut.htm ) . edit : may be nsfw past the fold line .	that desperately needs a nsfw tag .

1 french poet gérard de nerval supposedly took a lobster on walks in the palais royal gardens in paris on the end of a blue silk ribbon , saying " they	they are heavily armed ocean cockroaches .
2 * * heavily . armed . * *	/ r / heycarl

1 when writing " paradise city , " the band had to vote on the second line because slash wanted " where the girls are fat and they've got big titties	what a coincidence , i just started playing burnout paradise .

1 nearly every top mcdonald's monopoly prize from 1995-2000 was fraudulently won by a group of insiders	is this why i cannot find boardwalk ?
2 1 . wait until the next monopoly promo 2 . post on craigslist that you have a boardwalk , you need someone with park place , and you're willing to	fun fact : monopoly started today . source : i work at a mcdonalds .
3 how did i get pieces yesterday then ?	yer a wizard harry .

1 famous czech hockey player jaromir jagr wears #68 to honour the rebellion in czechoslovakia against the soviet union in 1968 .	just so all you non hockey fans know , this guy is still playing at age 42 ( kind of a feat for this sport ) and is about 9
2 he also broke in to the nhl at 18 , so he's been going for 24 years	sheeeeiiiiiit

1 people who are lactose intolerant can still eat cheese as the aging methods used break the lactose content down to practically nothing	as a mildly lactose intolerant person i can confirm this , and yes the softer the cheese the less pleasant it is in the end .

1 a german study found women cry on average between 30 and 64 times a year , and men cry on average between 6 and 17 times per year .	im thinking these results have to have a cultural bias , and radically different results could be found if the study was done in a different place

1 a part of usa drives on the left side of the road	only the us virgin islands , at least that's all i saw . the parts where it appears that they are driving on the left are simply that , an
2 the virgin islands is what i was considering . as a non-american i don't know if usa judge it as an part of them , but it sound like a	i only remember they exist when posts like this come up .

1 when writing " paradise city , " the band had to vote on the second line because slash wanted " where the girls are fat and they've got big titties	that's kenny's line .

1 emma stone's low-pitched husky voice is a result of having baby colic , a condition of constant screaming as an infant .	fuck her though .

1 the show ' firefly ' has been permanently added to the international space station as a form of entertainment for the station's crews .	i worry for the poor astronaut who's never seen the show , sits down to watch the episode " out of gas " and freaks the hell out .
2 i feel sorry for the pilot who's never seen serenity . edit : i really want to rewatch firefly now , but i don't have 17 hours before work tomorrow	" love ... you can learn all of the math in the ' verse , but if you take a boat in the air that you don't love she'll shake

1 chef paul prudhomme was struck by a . 22 - calibre bullet while cooking at a golf tournament , he thought it was a bee sting and kept on cooking	i accidentally shot myself in the foot with a . 22 recently . i can assure you it didn't feel like a bee sting .

1 bill hader often breaks into laughter while performing " stefon " because snl writer john mulaney will change lines on him , leaving hader to read the outlandish jokes for	john mulaney is hilarious . watch his standup if you ever get a chance

1 war elephant drivers had a chisel and a hammer in order to cut the spinal cord of an elephant on the battlefield if it caused too mutch damage in its	the total war games have taught me well ...
2 i was so freaking proud i knew all this from rome : total war	same , i loved how the computer rarely used the kill option , so you panic their elephants and watch them devastate the enemy army . i one time defended
3 war dogs are great for that . nothing makes people and elephants route like a pack of dogs chewing threw their ranks .	i was more fond of berserkers but war dogs were always a close second .

1 : over 1 million europeans were taken as slaves by north africans between 1530 and 1780 .	north africans , always trying to keep the white man down .

1 knife manufacturer , victorinox , claims never to have had to lay off an employee . to avoid this they set aside profits during boom periods to supplement recessionary periods	the swiss are efficient at everything .
2 we can also sell cheese holes	and my god do they make the best chocolate .

1 the word " hello " was first used in 1833 and was only widely accepted and used in the 1860 ' s .	what did they use before hello ?
2 i'm guessing " good day "	g'day mate !

1 lsd has been shown to treat alcoholism five times more effectively than alcoholics anonymous .	nothing like taking a step out of your own mind to gain perspective from time to time .

1 in the united states , asians earn the highest average salary by race . ( repost-self )	asian americans are proof that hard work will get you much farther than simply whining about racial injustices .
2 links to this comment have been submitted to 2 subreddits : * / r / shitredditsays : [ ( on asians earning the highest average salary in the us ):	here it comes

1 iggy azalea came up with her stage name using the porn star formula . iggy being her dog's name , and azalea being the street she grew up on .	lol , i'd be rocket village ! ! win !

1 during the filming of " world war z " the hungarian anti-terrorism unit raided a warehouse full of prop guns for the film . the guns were all found to	they're making a wwz movie ! ?
2 where have you been dude ? shits been hitting the fan since 2007	well i mean , i found some space under this awesome rock and i just couldn't resist . i spend a lot of time there .

1 eric idle of monty python fame called george harrison " one of the few morally good people that rock and roll has produced " .	when eric clapton married his ex-wife , he sang at their wedding .

1 there was an all girl band that would throw a ' golden condom ' to the audience , and whoever got it , male or female , was taken backstage	good chance you'd be catching more than a golden condom that night .
2 unless you actually used the golden condom ...	pro tip : you can still catch a number of stis even if you wear a condom .
3 pro tip : you can get hit by a car even if you look both sides . that shouldn't stop you crossing the road , though .	totally agree ! however many people think condom = = absolute immunity from any sti . not a reason to abstain though . go forth with knowledge instead !

1 dave grohl ( foo fighters frontman ) to this day does not know how to read sheet music and plays all music by ear .	he's in good company .

1 humans are deuterostomes , which means that when they develop in the womb the anus forms before any other opening ( which means we all were at some point nothing	how did cat dog develop ?

1 leonard bernstein was buried with the score to mahler's fifth	i have always loved bernstein's interpretations , but i was pleasantly surprised at how well he could speak . there are some many great videos of him on youtube where

1 in 1953 the us government tested the effects of sarin , a wmd-grade nerve agent , by telling the man that " he was testing a cure for the common	well , it worked . technically .

1 there are currently only 21 aircraft carriers in service in the entire world . 11 belong to the united states and the remaining 10 are split between 8 countries .	aircraft carriers are tools of imperialism . plain and simple .
2 imperialism ? lol wtf ? its not the 1800s .	no man , can't you see ? that's all these ships are good for , * expanding the empire . * without these ships we wouldn't have all those colonies

1 blue moon beer is made by millercoors , but miller coors doesn't seem to want anyone to know that	and shock-top is a budweiser product .
2 as is landshark .	as is kevin .

1 coca-cola deliberately designed tab clear to fail , in order to tarnish the public perception of pepsi's rival clear soda and ultimately sink both products .	glad they cleared that up .

1 gay swans will form temporary threesomes with females to obtain an egg , before driving her away .	why is the thumbnail of a giraffe
2 gerafe *	lol gerafes are dum
3 fuck you .	fucking long horse .

1 north korea have dug several tunnels under the dmz since the 60s , each large enough to move 2000 troops into the south in under an hour	it really doesn't matter . these tunnels might save them 100 meters . they still have 400km to go beyond that . you don't conquer a country with a tunnel
2 you also don't conquer one of the most technologically advanced nations on earth with the budget of a sub-third-world economy . what's with the downvote ? i'm agreeing with this	plus it would take about 3 seconds to drop a bunker buster on those tunnels and seal them shut .

1 white asparagus is the same as green asparagus except that it's kept buried when growing so no photosynthesis occurs	[ you couldn't even wait 24 hours ? ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2r5uf1/til_green_and_red_peppers_are_not_distinct/cncr5ak ) this was among the top posts on the til about bell peppers .

1 natural gas is completely odorless . the smell is added afterward artificially as a safety precaution .	also , that smell can be filtered out off the gas travels through soil before escaping .

1 dr pepper is the oldest soda that's still selling in the us , and is a year older than coke	vernor's is the oldest . 1866 nearly twenty years older than coke or dp . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vernors
2 and moxie is also older than dr pepper and coca cola . ~ ~ 1876 . ~ ~ * edit :[ actually 1884 when it was first packaged as a	i love moxie . it's sort of a family thing for us .

1 back when the nyc subway used tokens , people called " token suckers " would jam token slots with paper and suck out stuck tokens with their mouths . to	tyl nyc is a disgusting place
2 not anymore , really . i went a few years ago and hit a few places . and it was pretty and nice . smelled of urine , but otherwise	when you step off a plane in detroit , the first thing that you smell is motor oil . it's not just the motor city , it * smells *

1 in 1916 a miscalculation of montana's population led to 40,000 men being drafted into the 1st world war ... 10 % of the state's population .	... and that is how we won wwi .
2 dunno why this got down voted . imagine sending only men from arizona , colorado , idaho , montana , texas , utah , and wyoming . sheeeiiiitttt , they	pretty much the intermountain west there . but yeah most all of the soldiers from those states were country boys during wwi and wwii . so a lot of them
3 add west virginia to that . i have family there and those bastards are crazy as hell . and like 90 % of them are marksmen .	you can add pretty much the entire south to that as well . i was born in the 80 ' s and still grew up with a few acres of

1 in the german version of die hard , all the terrorists are given english names .	it's called " der hard " .
2 wrong . die hard is a german title and means the hard .	so ... das boot isn't about turning on an old computer ?
3 have you even seen it ? it's about a boot .	shouldn't it be about [ a boat ? ] ( http://www.dict.cc/deutsch-englisch/Boot.html )

1 a nj store owner's shop got flooded in 1883 , soaking his entire stock of taffy in atlantic ocean salt water . when a little girl came in and asked	a thing on the chesapeake bay bridge-tunnel .

1 michael jackson's father , talent mogul joe jackson , attempted to use the press conference marking his son's death to promote his new hip hop recording project	once a scumbag , always a scumbag .

1 in 1967 the two factions involved in the nigerian civil war declared a 48 hour ceasefire in order to watch pele play in a football ( soccer ) match .	i still believe there has been no better player in the history of football . guy was legendary
2 i never had the fortune to watch him play , but any person who can make peace in a warring country for 48 hours must be something very special .	didn't drogba do something similar recently ?
3 yes , when the ivory coast qualified for the ( 2006 ? ) world cup , he asked them to stop fighting during the tournament .	that was it , i'm pretty sure i didn't make it up .

1 the " refractory period " men require between sex sessions only applies if he's going back with the same woman .	so that's why they started polygamy .

1 a german study found women cry on average between 30 and 64 times a year , and men cry on average between 6 and 17 times per year .	itt : welcome to the salty spitoon , how tough are ya seriously though , i think i have actually cried , like really cried maybe 4 times since i

1 la rinconada , peru the highest elevated city on earth has a goldmine where miners work for 30 days without pay . on the 31st day they are allowed to	this seems to say that a good mine can produce 8-10 grams of gold per ton of ore . http://goldinvestingnews.com/world-class-gold-deposits so , assuming an average price of $ 41.60 /
2 who the fuck can carry 2000lbs on a shoulder .	i can carry that no problem . pounds sterling right ?

1 : an individual horse has a peak power output of 14.9 horsepower	bonus til for you : > a healthy human can produce about 1.2 hp briefly ... and sustain about 0.1 hp indefinitely ; trained athletes can manage up to about
2 i want to meet the motherfucker who can match 1/3 rd a horse over several hours .	i can definitely beat 1/3 rd of a horse . preferably the middle third .

1 in the 1880s , margarine had to be dyed pink in order to prevent confusion between butter substitutes , and actual butter .	the first margarine contained minced cow stomach and udder . yummy .

1 " motel 6 " was named so because they used to charge $ 6 a night	pretty sure it was about 17 bucks in the mids 70 ' s , had just joined army , great times at that hotel .

1 the nazis kidnapped hundreds of thousands of polish children they deemed to be racially superior , and forcibly germanized them . only 10-15 % were ever returned .	that explains a lot ...

1 the actor who played boba fett in the original trilogy was cast solely based on his uncannily fitting the costume which had already been made .	fitting the costume was also the first consideration when casting robocop .

1 the nfl requires football fields to be built either facing north / south or in the shade so the sun doesn't interfere with play .	except ford field ( lion's stadium ) but that's because it's a dome that can't open .
2 ford field in detroit faces east and west .	it doesn't . it faces northwest / southeast . it's more n / s than it is e / w .

1 liam neeson turned down being bond because he was " not interested in starring in action movies " .	liam is too amazing to be bothered with bond movies .

1 after the 1998 movie " the man from earth " was illegally shared via bittorrent , the producer publically thanked the file sharers because it " lifted the profile of	commenting on this so i can find it again later when i'm home .

1 cancers are primarily an environmental disease with 90 – 95 % of cases attributed to environmental factors and 5 – 10 % due to genetics .	great , more misinterpretation spread by ' today i wikipedia'd '

1 the guy who snagged windows2000.com happened to be named bob and microsoft just happened to own bob.com . they came to an agreement to trade one for the other .	yep and i originally sold it to microsoft back in ' 94 edit : i checked it was ' 94

1 andré the giant was so large by the age of 12 that he could not fit on the school bus , and so was driven to school by playwright samuel	i'm not into wrestling but i recently purchased the graphic novel andre the giant life and legend and i loved it . here's a link to some preview pages form
2 hogan looks kind of funny .	yeah http://imgur.com/YRuTvUo

1 fiji water ran ad stating , " the label says fiji because it's not bottled in cleveland " . cleveland water dept responded by running tests comparing a bottle of	a lot of spring waters are going to have stuff like arsenic and iodine in it . it all depends on the geologic composition of where the source location is
2 yeah its very important to remember that arsenic can be a naturally occurring molecule . for example , apple seeds have arsenic iirc edit : cyanide not arsenic . arsenic	nope , cyanide . arsenic is an element , not a molecule ( though it is often bound up into molecules ! )
3 learned about this in organic chemistry . apparently a lot of seeds have cyanide groups in them .	* cyano

1 breastfeeding not only has many traditionally known benefits , such as weight loss and maternal bonding , but is also linked to a decrease in maternal risk of type 2	another great benefit of breastfeeding is birth control . this is because it can suppress ovulation by releasing hormones , such as prolactin , and can have an effectiveness rate
2 haha . no . breastfeeding is not an effective birth control .	it is endorsed by planned parenthood as a method of birth control . it is only effective if you follow certain precautions , so it isn't foolproof , but can

1 when the beatles wrote the song " with a little help from my friends " , the first line ended with ' what would you think if i sang out	that ringo isn't as stupid as he looks , or sounds .
2 this ringo hate ... i just don't get it . he's a good guy . i'm guessing the people that make these comments are also the ones who opine despite	it must be lonely , being the last living beatle .

1 the mayan calender had only 360 days in a year , meaning by thier standards december 12 , 2012 has already passed .	th-ei-r .

1 arjen robben has now scored 16 goals in 18 league appearances . the only time he scored this much was during his first season in bayern , and it took	he's like benjamin button

1 liberal , mo was founded as an atheist utopia in 1880 . sunday evenings at the town hall had lectures from scientist , philosophers , and even christian ministers /	funny story i used to live in liberal ... davy is / was the town sheriff

1 the mongols killed so many people in the iranian plateau that " some historians have estimated that iran's population did not again reach its pre-mongol levels until the mid -	considering the leangth of their civilization and their not being egypt they really should be up there with china and india in population numbers by now .
2 you think iran can support 1.3 billion ?	pretty sure europe is around 500 million
3 [ actually it is around 700 million ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Europe )	maybe i was thinking of just the eu

1 it took 10 episodes for producers to realize the mighty morphing power rangers colors might be considered racist	black power ranger ? or white power ranger ?
2 white power ... ranger ?	black power ... ranger !

1 canada has specifically banned members of the westboro baptist church from entering the country .	canada had me at universal health care . this is just icing on the proverbial maple-filled cake .
2 proverbial ? i thought they were free upon entrance ?	well , they technically come out of your taxes .
3 never met anyone in canada who would rather pay less taxes , and in turn get privatized healthcare insurance .	i was talking about the cake . i'm canadian .

1 : that the notion that goldfish have a memory of a few seconds is nonsense . in fact they can be trained to react to light signals and perform tricks	that fallacy really messed up a friend of mine . i had a friend in college . he was a sensitive guy and had a pet goldfish . his pet
2 > my pet is sick let me mix iso alcohol into its environment .	the intent was to euthanize his fish ...

1 the playstation 2 and the original xbox had hd support , but few games of that era took advantage of this feature .	which is why the ps2 thin got rid of the hard drive bay .

1 adam savage ( mythbusters ) was the drowning teen in billy joel's 1985 music video " you're only human " !	http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=YhxjNYvJbgM#t=122s

1 miyamoto musashi , 17th century japanese swordsman , twice arrived late to duels and defeated both opponents . upon his next duel , he arrived early , and ambushed the	that's really interesting , thank you for sharing that . i love you . :)
2 ... and someone will be following [ / u / lava 104 ' s ] ( http://reddit.com/u/LAVA104 ) comments on reddit . tread lightly !	i'm not worried , i'm sure the love is unconditional !

1 a chernobyl fireman who claimed they didn't know that the chernobyl meltdown flames were radioactive , 20 years later said " of course we knew ! if we'd followed regulations	> * the bubbler pool could be drained by opening its sluice gates . volunteers in diving suits entered the radioactive water and managed to open the gates . these
2 and they died for it shortly after . this disaster is probably not unresponsible for the fall of the soviet union given how much it cost them .	didn't not double negative . i hate those but your use was valid .

1 while in the military mr . t was ordered to cut down trees as a punishment by a sergeant . he cut down 70 trees in 3 1/2 hours before	5 min a tree , non stop . his wife is a lucky girl .

1 lego has no military related sets because the inventor's policy was to not want to make war seem like child's play	because everyone's commenting on the nazis in the indy sets or the star wars sets and whatnot , but not actually reading the link , here : > while there
2 meanwhile , mega blocks has no such ethical boundaries . they seem to be doing very well with halo and call of duty sets .	yeah but they're mega blocks . there's nothing quite as disappointing as asking for legos and getting mega blocks instead
3 when i got mega blocks as a kid i'd just throw them away . they never quite fit right with my legos . fucking waste of time ! edit :	i accidentally mixed some megablocks in with my legos . it took months of ethnic cleansing before my collection was again pure .

1 [ til ] that the nes game duck hunt had a multiplayer option in which the second person controlled the duck .	you could also turn the brightness up all the way and not miss any ducks . lvl 99 was ridiculous .

1 after the capture of a serial killer of children , a police officer found his own daughter tied and gagged in the back of the killer's van .	reminds me of this outcome in a way .. https://youtu.be/_PUE8fYxjq8

1 an identity thief stole the identity of a surgeon and while aboard a navy destroyer was tasked with performing several life saving surgeries . he proceeded to memorize a medical	what a fucking badass .

1 elephants mourn and bury their dead .	wow . i hated the ceo of godaddy already but not i don't have words to describe how much i hate him .
2 did i miss something ? is he an elephant assassin ?	yes .

1 at the moment of orgasm , women do not have any emotional feelings .	the same is true for us men , except that it is true whenever we have hardons . the emotions come flooding back after we have the orgasm , usually
2 bad case of the afters , huh ?	as a redditor it is my belief that " the afters " needs to be a commonly used term .
3 " wangst " .	new favorite neologism . thanks , alieisthecake !

1 there were 6 assassins sent to kill archduke franz ferdinand and 1 of them threw a bomb that exploded under the wrong car . his assassination failed , he took	so were cyanide pills a thing you could just buy in the 1910s ? i know they used to have a pretty cavalier attitude to selling heroin , morphine and

1 thomas jefferson invented the swivel chair and sat on the first one while writing much of the declaration of independence	that is one genius lazy fuck .

1 : north korea claims to have sunk the heavy cruiser uss baltimore and even preserved the ship that " sunk it " in a museum . the uss baltimore was	every single day american reddit is pulling its collective tiny penis over north korea and russia . not a day goes by without a few threads on both or either
2 well said . if it helps out any , most of your downvotes are probably from paid shills .	then where's my fucking check ?

1 beethoven disregarded authority so heavily that after many confrontations , archduke rudolph decreed that the usual rules of court etiquette did not apply to him	beethoven . the first rock star .

1 in the borat dvd release , choosing the hebrew language option results in a warning screen reading " you have been trapped , jew ! " which warns the viewer	the first season dvd of the league of gentlemen did something similar . upon starting the dvd it asks " are you local ? " if you say no the

1 morgan freeman is against black history month	as a black man , this always conflicted me . i don't like to bring up race and if i had my way , it never would be mentioned .
2 says blackpanther 01 , haha . i more or less agree with you , imo . not acknowledging race deprives us of the language and ability to acknowledge and fight	i named myself after the marvel character not the black panther society .

1 king george v died via euthanasia using an injection of cocaine and heroin	hell of a way to go out .

1 some people can " flex " muscles in their inner ears to produce a low rumbling sound	i like to use the rumble kind of like bass whenever i have a song stuck in my head . then i chatter my teeth for the drums . i

1 : males in the us are required to submit their info to the " selective service system " within 30 days of their 18th birthday or be subject to 5	you're an adult american male . you did not just learn this today .
2 i'm literally the only one of my group of friends who did this or had any idea what it was . i only knew because my dad told me to	my school reminded us . though it was a small school . only 30 something in my class and maybe 200 all together ( 7-12 ) .

1 the earliest piece of great literature , the epic of gilgamesh , includes a story in which gilgamesh is told to build a ship to save the animals of the	i bet that similar tale is noah's ark !

1 during wwii , british intelligence leaked falsified information implying that v - 2 rockets were overshooting london by 10 to 20 miles , which made the germans undershoot and miss	did that really work ? i find it hard to believe that the germans did not have a single spy in london during the war that could report if the
2 they didn't . germany had no operational spies in the uk during the war . they were all captured and turned to double-agents or executed , with the exception of	that is staggering . not one ? nobody in london came from germany or had family back there or something ?

1 during the first few minutes of the hunt for red october the film switches from russian to english . the switch occurs on the word " armageddon " , which	i always liked the switch from russian to english in that movie and thats a really cool fact to know . thanks man .

1 melanie griffith was nicknamed brainiac in 1992 , because she didn't know germans had " done bad things " to jews during world war ii until working on the set	how is this possible ? did she grow up in a bubble ? there's no way you wouldn't know that . maybe she was playing stupid in the name of
2 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Melanie_Griffith#Early_life > she also skipped a grade and graduated from hollywood professional school when she was 16 years old . can we look into their accreditation ?	she skipped a grade in an acting school ?

1 a 1944 opinion poll in the us found that 13 % of the public were in favor of " killing off " all japanese : men , women , and	i wonder if they did a poll in the u . s . now , what percent of people would be in favor for killing all muslims .
2 i'd like to think that the percentage would be lower but i could be horribly wrong :/	one visit to / r / worldnews and finding a topic related to muslims / the middle east will show you how many people dislike muslims now because of the

1 harper lee received one year's wages as a christmas gift from a friend to write whatever she wanted . she used her time off to write " to kill a	well , truman capote did at least .

1 one theory on why we are ticklish is that it serves as a mechanism for developing combat skills . most often practiced from parent to child , tickling activates vulnerable	> tickling [ 1 ] ( also known as tiddles or tiddling ) ... i have literally never heard either of those words .
2 i swear officer , i was just tiddling that kid ! nothing weird !	i'm not a pedophile , i'm just a kiddie tiddler !
3 my first real laugh in a while ! my coworkers glanced over here .	just mention how funny you find kids getting tiddled !

1 the film apocalypse now was an adaptation of a novel published in 1899 . in stead of americans fighting in the vietnam war , it was actually about imperial belgium	if you haven't read it , i recommend it . it isn't a long read , and if nothing else will deepens your appreciation of apocalypse now .

1 einstein was stopped so much in public , he would reply , " pardon me , sorry ! always i am mistaken for professor einstein . "	another famous " today i was reminded " post . this is about as commonly know as helen keller being blind

1 higher intelligence has been linked to unconventional sexual practices aswell as frequent sexual fantasies and thoughts .	anyone else find the parallel interesting ? weirder shit but less sex partners ...
2 but really , how many people can you find who are willing to do that with a waffle iron ?	which [ waffle iron ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Waffle%20Iron ) are we talking about ?

1 helicopter escapes from prison are not only real but highly successful	december 19 , 1985 from the list was my step-father at the time . not a wise man and later died in prison . he sweet-talked some lady who visited
2 who the hell hijacks a helicopter and breaks a convict from jail on a whim ? !	some crazy chick who was very easily persuaded and thought his curly hair and brown eyes were sexy .

1 singer tom waits successfully sued the lapd . he was wrongfully arrested for disturbing the peace when , outside a coffee shop , he intervened a group of men who	no one ever appreciates my username ... but , this thread might be my day .

1 soldiers in the u . s . military's psychological warfare department ( psyops ) used loudspeakers to tempt enemy fighters in afghanistan into battles they couldn't win by calling them	i held this mos ( job ) in the army for 5 years .

1 certain black sororities and fraternities used to have a " brown paper bag test " where they wouldn't allow people to join if their skin was darker than a paper	that is unbelievably racist .

1 the incarceration rate in the usa is the highest in the world , and that the incarceration rate of its black population exceeds that of south africa at the height	hmmm i just posted this on my facebook 10hrs ago are we friends ?

1 licking your lips makes it hurt worse because digestive enzymes in your saliva irritate them .	damn it . this post made me immediately lick my lips ...
2 mustn't ... lick ... lips ... oh god i can't stop . lick all the things !	slut !

1 in 2002 , when bruce willis's daughter suggested he buy girl scout cookies for troops , willis responded by buying 12,000 cookies and sending them to sailors and soldiers in	12000 cookies , or 12000 packages of cookies ?
2 boxes of cookies . sorry , i screwed up the title .	with today's girl scout cookie prices , that's like a billion dollars worth of cookies .
3 $ 42,000 actually . ( assuming $ 3.50 a box . )	for most of us , that might as well be a billion .

1 at one point , aluminum was more valuable than gold . honored guests dined with aluminum cutlery , while the less worthy only dined with silver .	there is a 10 inch tall pyramid cap on the washington monument that is made of aluminum .
2 beat me to it ! it was made by tiffany's .	i hadn't heard of the tiffany's connection , but i love how the monument was paid for in part by sending the capstone around the country and asking people for

1 george harrison financed the monty python film ' the life of brian ' , simply because he wanted to see it	wew bwine , you've given us a good wun for our money .

1 curb your enthusiasm saved a guy from murder charges . outtake footage of an episode taking place at dodgers stadium showed the accused in the crowd , some 20 miles	i want another season of this show , dammit .
2 i liked dead like me better , which was axed so this could be plopped out , by the producer who was also programming director .	apples and oranges , mate .

1 eminem tried killing himself in 1997 after he was fired from his job and couldn't afford a gift for his daughter .	is he okay ?
2 well this was 18 years ago soooo , no . he's actually been dead this whole time and you have just been dreaming that he has been making music	if this is true i'm gonna have some brilliant songs to make when i wake up

1 i'm giving sliders a go on netflix . just realized that they list the episodes out of order !	it's the same in my dvd boxset . i've had to print off a copy of the correct viewing order to keep in the box with the dvds . very

1 in world war ii , american soldier john r . fox died when he deliberately called an artillery strike on himself . realizing that german troops were overrunning his party's	i share a birthday with this guy

1 jägermeister was originally developed as a cough remedy and to help aid digestion .	i learned this while visiting some relatives in germany . after dinner they gave everyone a little shot of jäg to aid digestion . i didn't know you were supposed
2 german here . so americans don't drink a shot after a big meal ?	only in college
3 and they skip the meal part	and they pluralize shot .

1 the blind get a 50 % discount on tv licenses in the uk	can someone give me a real reason for tv licenses ?
2 tv licences fund the bbc ( tv , radio , website ) as their channels are free and don't have any advertisements . unfortunately you can't just opt to not	you can watch bbc programmes still , just not as they're being broadcasted .

1 in 1973 , after the who's drummer keith moon passed out on stage , pete townshend asked the crowd , ' can anybody play the drums ... i mean somebody	he got a tour jacket for playing with them that night and it got stolen later that night .

1 as a kid , ryan gosling once took steak knives to school and threw them at other kids .	" hey girl , you like these knives ? "

1 billie piper ( the actress who played rose tyler in doctor who ) divorced from her wealthy husband , she opted not to claim any money from him , stating	" honey to the bee " was my jam back in the day
2 buzz me up to heaven baby !	mmm .. mmm .. mmm ..

1 joseph stalin's son shot himself because of stalin's harshness toward him , but survived . after this , stalin said , " he can't even shoot straight . "	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nTJimULOzZ0#t=0m55s

1 lincoln created the thanksgiving holiday in 1863 during the civil war to keep the country together .	seems a little late ...

1 members of the services are encouraged to salute recipients of the medal of honor out of respect , regardless of rank . this is one of the few instances where	another instance is when a unit has a uniformed quarterdeck watch stander . the watch stander is representative of the captain of the unit so therefore , despite his or

1 there is a factory in japan which can run unsupervised for 30 days at a time . robots build other robots at the rate of 50 per 24 - hour	this type of thing is the exact reason the world needs to rethink labor for money . human labor is going extinct . how will the masses earn money when
2 it's just replacing manufacturing . can't replace service or research or design . my work still uses fax machines , this won't happen in our lifetime .	1/3 working people in the usa are in " overseer " roles . ( guards , police , managers ... ) . we also employ far more people than before

1 women were allowed to enter combat roles in the israel . they performed at a level equal to men but the program was still abolished for two reasons : islamist	the latter of the two reasons is one of the main arguments against women in any combat military role . guys are just too damn gentlemanly ... ( not that

1 venice island was built on a foundation of tree trunks . 1200 years later , those same trunks still support almost all of central venice .	simple solution : plant more tree trunks !

1 : mark hamill , luke skywalker of star wars , has voiced nearly all of the joker's roles in all of the batman cartoons , as well as fire lord	i grew up watching and loving hamill's joker voice acting ! i just finished watching avatar : last airbender and i just * knew * i recognized the voice of

1 during the filming of rushmore , when wes anderson had to scrap a shot due to budgetary constraints , bill murray handed him a blank check to cover the cost	mr murray ? i'm just bill , i think now .

1 " band geeks " was voted the best spongebob episode of all time	doodlebob ftw

1 windows included solitaire in windows to teach people how to drag and drop .	windows was developed by windows and not microsoft , who knew ?
2 whoa , if windows developed windows , is windows god ?	http://www.fucking-windows.com/

1 it is illegal in many countries to perform surgical procedures on an octopus without anesthesia due to their intelligence	i'm not a bleeding heart or anything , but it should probably be required to use anesthesia for any surgery on anything .
2 would it interest you to know that , for cold-blooded animals , it is common practice to simply freeze them to reduce nervous system activity rather than use anesthesia ?	yes . yes , it would .

1 the earliest known recipe for macaroni & cheese dates back to 14th century england	spaetzle mit kase , lecker .

1 clint eastwood served as mayor of a town in california after campaigning against an ordinance banning the sale of ice cream .	it really took a famous actor to get that overturned and not just common sense ?

1 habeas corpus is a law because when the uk parliament voted on it in 1679 , they jokingly counted a fat guy as ten votes	the uk gave no fucks in that time period
2 the uk didn't exist in that time period .	the uk didn't exist in that time , period [ . ] ( http://www.edufind.com/english-grammar/period-full-stop-or-point/ )

1 these are all the bahrain circuit layouts . is there any of them that you would rather see than the gp-layout ?	id like the see an exhibition event or something like that on the flat oval and the other circuit , but i think the layout we have now is the

1 it ’ s illegal for drug companies to advertise to consumers almost everywhere in the world . the only exceptions are the us and new zealand .	as a pharmacist , i have to deal with the fallout of this on a daily basis .

1 margaret thatcher was reportedly more proud of becoming the first prime minister with a science degree than the first female prime minister of the united kingdom .	a pretty typical political comment , i really don't think it's anything to put much weight behind .

1 the " flying " scene in titanic would have been an impossibility because the raised forecastle area on the rms titanic was off limits to passengers .	as long as the propeller guy is real i'll be happy

1 , in 1993 , upon learning that they were to play a show at a venue owned by the church of scientology , the band tool was opposed to performing	for everyone wondering : yes . the band's name is tool . their album cover is a penis-wrench , because one is a tool , and the other is your

1 lance armstrong owns a coffee shop called juan pelota cafe . juan is a homophone for " one " and " pelota " is spanish for ball .	what's * cheating piece of shit * in spanish ?
2 if you were to give the first place shirt to the next person in line that hasn't been accused of doping , you'd have to give it to the 28th	never heard of vittel ? cavandish ? froomy ! ? ! ? ! ?
3 all accused of doping .	vittel accused of doping ? lol .

1 during a pledge drive , a dj at a portland , or radio station promised that the station would never play " stairway to heaven " again if someone made	[ no stairway ... denied . ] ( http://img.pandawhale.com/94144-no-stairway-to-heaven-denied-g-okxD.gif )
2 it bugs me that on the home release he isn't playing stairway at any point .	that's the part of that scene i always thought was funny . it's your prototypical stoner / rock junkie that the owner knows the first thing he's going to try
3 or for the very inexperienced it is smoke on the water . the kid getting his first guitar knows like 4 songs and the other 3 are basically nursery rhymes	it does sound cool , regardless of how easy it is .

1 in 2000 , a wild turkey whiskey storage facility caught fire , spilling 17,000 barrels of flaming whiskey into the surrounding woods , catching them ablaze . twenty percent of	coincidentally , the description of this incident is also a good description of how i feel after a night of drinking wild turkey .
2 i got drunk off it once . that was the most nightmarish hangover i've ever had in my life . literally prayed for death . haven't touched it since .	people associate wild turkey with bad hangovers because they usually try it when they're young and drink way too much of it because it's cheap . give russel's reserve or

1 in the 2016 olympics , the us will be defending the rugby gold medal	fuckin ' love rugby . it's like the manly version of american football .

1 when chamillionaire asked michael jordan for a pic , jordan responded with " i ain't taking pictures with no n * ggas . "	when michael moved to birmingham for his sting in the minor leagues , he set up a basketball hoop in his front yard to practice . kids in the neighborhood

1 despite having a net worth of over $ 50 billion , ikea founder ingvar kamprad still drives a ' 93 volvo . he also recycles tea bags and takes salt	[ the car in question ] ( http://i.imgur.com/YSONK9t.jpg )
2 real life gus fring ?	came here to find this .

1 - the chippewa believed that the least weasel could kill the dreaded wendigo giant by rushing up its anus .	right when i think i should know more about my heritage , big bowl of nooooope .

1 most senior animators at disney chose to work on pocahontas rather than the lion king as many at disney had little faith in the project , leaving mostly first time	growing up , i honestly didn't like the lion king . i enjoyed all the other disney movies and rewatched them again and again , but never understood the hype

1 an animated short about the simpsons shown before a feature film received higher critical acclaim than the movie itself	i saw that movie in theaters and remember literally nothing about it .

1 christoph waltz is his own voice actor in the german and french dubs of inglourious basterds and django unchained	only americans are amazed by trilingual people .
2 haha i'm sure that's not true at all . i'm not american . but anyone that can speak more than their native language is damn impressive . i study japanese	well where i'm from i'm made fun of for not knowing a 4th language . half of my friends speak at least 3 .

1 the nations of iceland and greenland have no armed forces	greenland is not independent so that's not really a surprise .

1 22 out of 23 mayan temples show festival dates well past 2012 ... the one that wasn't finished ended at the 13th b'ak'tun ( 2012-12- 21 ) there is no	i must be blind because i missed the whole ' 22 out of 23 mayan temples ' thing . can you please provide a better link ?

1 australia straight-up lost a prime-minister in 1967 . he still hasn't been found .	all the aussies reading this just shrugged their shoulders and went " harold holt , yeah , so ? " .
2 .. while perhaps suggesting they wish a couple more would go missing . ^ tony ^ would ^ be ^ a ^ good ^ start	careful , don't want to encourage him to go anywhere in those budgie smugglers ...

1 massey energy has over 67,000 violations under just one environmental statute and the epa only fined them 1 % of what they were legally obliged	ehs pro here : i support scaled fines that are based on the size of the company . it'll force companies to change their predominantly reactive and compliance-based ehs programs

1 clint eastwood's two most successful films , when adjusted for inflation , are " every which way but loose " and " any which way you can , " two	one the best names ever : philo beddoe

1 violence in the film " cannibal holocaust " was so graphic that it was believed to be an actual snuff film . as a result the director was arrested and	i have the strangest urge to see this movie now .
2 saw it . it was disturbing in the same way that the blair witch project was . i imagine seeing something that looked real like that did for the first	turtle , 2 monkeys , a snake , a coati , a spider and a pig .

1 in the first pirates of the caribbean movie , the director insisted on actually having 882 aztec coins in the chest for " a sense of historical fantasy " .	not 100 percent sure the aztecs had currency .
2 could i have a source ? also i think they just made the coins out of aztec gold .	coins didn't exist in pre-columbian america . gold , yes , but as jewelry and such , not circulating coins . [ cacao beans ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Aztec&oldid=583376699#Economy ) were used
3 thank you . as stated , i believe that they used aztec gold to create the coins .	that just seems silly , exactly how would using " aztec " gold look any more convincing than using real gold from any other source ? now i'm imagining them

1 a koi fish , named " hanako " , was owned by several individuals over many years and lived to be 226 years old , dying in 1977 .	fake
2 perhaps it is possible . the owner of the koi claimed to have had the scales examined to determine the age of the fish . i don't know if that's	it is , i saw it on a different til post .

1 the original idea for the episode , jurassic bark , was to have fry's mother fossilized instead of seymour , but this idea was scrapped after it was thought to	they only wanted to crush your soul a little bit , not completely . seriously , replace seymour outside panuchi's with fry's mom sitting on the couch , staring at

1 a siberian husky's coat enables it to withstand temperatures from - 58 to - 76 degrees ( f )	wow , i would die at that temperatures

1 one of the originally pitched names for hannah montana was alexis texas .	alexis texas is a better name . why didn't they use that ?
2 bing it . you'll get better results .	oh , i'll bing it . i'll bing it hard .
3 carmella bing ? don't google that , it only goes downhill from the past 7 years	she's back on form . thank god

1 in 1988 while married to madonna , it was alleged that sean penn had tied madonna to a chair for nine hours and beat her , with the incident only	did he use jumper cables ?

1 right before his death , jim henson did not go to the hospital right away because , his wife believes , " it was likely due to his desire not	man , i still get emotional whenever i see [ this picture ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tB2iD.jpg ) .
2 fuck , dude . i had never seen that before . fuck . ಥ_ಥ	if that made you tear up then don't watch [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lrZyMptC2eQ ) until you have a box of tissues nearby .

1 there's a waterfall in minnesota that falls into a large hole made of rock ; scientists have tried ping pong balls and dye and still don't know where the water	send bear grylls

1 john harvey kellogg , inventor of corn flakes , advocated circumcision of young boys ( without anesthetic ) , and the application of acid to the clitorises of young girls	clitori
2 no , clitorides . look it up .	i stand corrected .

1 : when donovan mcnabb was traded to the vikings , chris kluwe had the same number . kluwe gave it up under three conditions for mcnabb : donate $ 5000	i'm sorry if my wording is a bit sloppy . english wasn't my first language .
2 no worries , you got it all right .	thank you . i appreciate hearing this . :)
3 i tend to think foreigners have better grammar then the so-called " english-speaking " youths of today . myself included .	than *

1 eating lobster was once " considered a mark of poverty "	so was wearing denim jeans . now i go buy the jeans and pay for a lobster dinner and i truly * am * broke . funny how these things

1 an endurance athlete , dean karnazes , ran 350 miles ( 560 km ) in 80 hours and 44 minutes without sleep in 2005	endurance is one thing .. i am more amazed on how his body is able to handle such beating . i ran 4 miles the other day and my knees

1 bryan cranston , walter white in breaking bad , played 2 different villains in mighty morphin ' power rangers	he got the role of walter because vince gilligan directed an episode of x-files with him in it where he played a villain . edit : [ source ] (

1 hulk is basically indestructible and stacked with superpowers such as breathing underwater , surviving in space , resistant to solar temperatures , and extreme regenerability .	what bothers me about the hulk in the comics * and * the movies is that * he never kills anyone * . even when he levels cities ( like
2 you should check the ultimate universe then . the first time banner turns into the hulk he wrecks a good chunk of nyc , killing something like 800 people .	how does that make sense ? " sir , the nuke did nothing ! " " that's ok , we have a 5 ' tall canadian for backup ! "

1 the international space station is estimated to be the most expensive thing ever built ( $ 150 billion )	location location location .

1 today i learned that the price of admission for a zoo in 18th century england was a dog or a cat - - they were fed to the lions .	yeah , i'd be going every day . i would tell the cat they're going to visit family

1 in 1967 , enver hoxha , the former president of albania banned religion as he felt it had divided the nation . in the process making albania the first atheistic	as early as 1917 , lenin waged a war against the orthodox church in order to make the soviet union an atheist society .

1 a writer for futurama wrote and proved a mathematical theorem all for the plot twist and resolution of an episode .	yep , my favorite episode . also , this was the first mathematical theorem proved for entertainment purposes .
2 you must not know very many mathematicians . just about * all * theorems are proved for entertainment purposes . :)	yes . i , too , solve proofs for recreation , but you know what i meant .

1 50 ' s british comedian hattie jacques , famous for pioneering ' fat humour ' ( female ) , had an affair with her driver and , with her husband's	if that ain't love i don't know what is .

1 ellen degeneres was cast as dory in finding nemo when the director , andrew stanton , watched her ' change the subject 5 times before finishing the sentence ' in	ellen's standup is secretly really funny . i don't think people remember she was a solid standup comic before the tv show .
2 her phone call to god was great .	i have been searching for that clip for years . one of the first stand up moments that really made me appreciate what stand up could do .

1 in 2005 , the dea reported seizing $ 477 million worth of drugs , whereas the estimated value of drugs sold within and into the us is $ 64 billion	someone should take a picture of that stat , and mail it to the dea

1 research on dare ( drug abuse resistance education ) has largely shown it to be ineffective , and in some cases it has increased the use of drugs at schools	as a dare generation guy , i think it was a good program to help me a start at using drugs . i never even thought about drugs until they
2 im with you on this . i hadn't even heard of any of the drugs when they came to talk to us .	once i graduated dare i had to switch to erowid.org as my drug information resource .
3 drug education would be a lot better if i had learned 10 % of the stuff i did on erowid . if you want to know why drugs are bad	here , here ... erowid.org because if it has . org in it , you know they are not looking to make money off the info / bs you .

1 ewan mcgregor does not want to make a sequel to trainspotting due to his preference for being remembered for the critically acclaimed first film , and not an inferior sequel	that baby crawling on the ceiling gave me nightmares .

1 all cigarettes in australia have to be sold in a plain cigarette packaging ( without logo ; brand in a mandated size , font and place )	maybe a more reliable source [ here ] ( http://parlinfo.aph.gov.au/parlInfo/search/display/display.w3p;query=Id%3A%22legislation%2Fbillhome%2Fr4613%22 ) . sorry , first post on / r / todayilearned and don't know if wikipedia is considered reliable .

1 the ' ghost orchid ' has no leaves or stem , and is simply a system of roots when it is not flowering .	check out adaptation a great movie which features the ghost orchid , by spike jonze .
2 an excellent movie . this , leaving las vegas , and raising arizona are what i tell people to watch when they say that cage is a horrible actor that	nic cage does have a lot of death .
3 needs more death .	/ r / im14andthisisdeath /

1 over 90 % of fetuses diagnosed with down's syndrome in the uk are terminated .	i find nothing wrong with this , if a family doesn't want to bear the financial burdens of raising a child with down syndrome why should they ?

1 nearly every top mcdonald's monopoly prize from 1995-2000 was fraudulently won by a group of insiders	it was the hamburgelar and his group of cronies .

1 the director of american history x disowned the film , and attempted to replace his name in the credits with " humpty dumpty "	makes you wonder what the very first version of the film was like ...

1 after the president of the american catholic league denounced louis ck's sitcom as " barbaric " , louis ck confronted him and got him to admit that he had never	shouldn't this qualify as bearing false witness ?

1 theo van gogh was a dutch film director . he was stabbed to death by an radical muslim who took offense to a movie theo made ( with ayaan hirsi	this literally happend around the corner where i live . i was sort of muslim back then . i'm a fervent atheist now .
2 congrats have you changed spiritually or was it more of a fear conversion because you worried what people thought of you if you were muslim ?	about spirituality , if that feeling of awe when gazing up and looking at the nightsky , or the hubble deep field and knowing what were made of and how

1 its illegal for drug companies to advertise to consumers almost everywhere in the world . the only exceptions are the us and new zealand .	this isn't entirely true . in the uk over the counter pain medication is advertised , that is why people still actually buy neurofen instead of the generic ibuprofen .

1 rashid bin saeed al maktoum , the emir of dubai from 1958 to 1990 , said of their oil-centric economy : " my grandfather rode a camel , my father	you don't just go from a land rover to a camel ... at the very worst the last son is driving some shitty honda
2 the point is he's saying the gas is going to run out so there will be * no * running cars .	no he is saying camels will run on gasoline

1 clark gable nearly boycotted the atlanta premiere of gone with the wind because his african-american co-star hattie mcdaniel was not allowed to attend	clark gable nearly faced the fierce dragon of angnor , he almost stood up to the vicious chicken of bristol , and personally wet himself at the battle for badon

1 the han dynasty of china drilled for natural gas , transported it in pipelines and gas containers and burned it in stoves ... in 200 bc	han drilled first .
2 well it would have been massively awkward if luke did it instead .	something something chopped off hand
3 fist her with the stump .	gross .

1 once a patient becomes symptomatic with rabies , treatment is almost never effective and mortality is over 99 %	i'm getting my degree in epidemiology , and there's a little saying about rabies that goes , " if a patient is suspected of having rabies , and recovers ,

1 a nisei soldier had his arm shot off as he was about to throw a grenade into a german bunker and then pried the grenade from his severed hand and	also if obama and biden were to pass away , he'd be president

1 venice island was built on a foundation of tree trunks . 1200 years later , those same trunks still support almost all of central venice .	equally impressive , the wood is from the mountains of slovenia , croatia , and montenegro and had to be transported to venice .
2 that's why there are now no trees on most of the mountains . they destroyed the ecosystem .	i'm sure shipbuilding did just as much damage . great britain has had problems with a lack of trees since at least the 1500 ' s .

1 in world war ii , american soldier john r . fox died when he deliberately called an artillery strike on himself . realizing that german troops were overrunning his party's	now that's a fucking hero

1 jack and meg white of the white stripes claimed to be brother and sister , but were actually married and then divorced before the band made it big . jack	also jack isn't his name . it's anthony . also he teached her how to play the drums .

1 the vietnamese dong has the dubious distinction of the second worst rate of exchange . $ 1 usd = $ 21,475 dong	wow , so that 200 dong coin i got in change at petsmart once isn't even worth a whole penny .

1 anthony kiedis once missed a red hot chili peppers concert because he was off scoring drugs , so keith morris filled in on vocals and just yelled and made up	give it a spray give it a lay give it a ray now

1 at the moment john lennon was pronounced dead a beatles song came over the hospital's sound system .	what's up with the thumbnai ?
2 the photo is by annie leibovitz . photographed a day before lennons death .	the wiki article says it was on the same day .
3 it was , hours beforehand actually .	yep he's right . same day . my apologies for wrong info .

1 jains have some of the strictest dietary customs which can include not eating roots and even straining water to avoid accidentally swallowing tiny living things .	and yet no matter what they are still eating tiny living things , pointless .

1 tom waits was arrested in 1977 outside of a coffee shop in los angeles . waits and a friend were trying to stop some men from bullying other patrons .	disturbing the peace and disorderly conduct are generally catch alls for " he made me angry " or " he didn't respect me enough " . if you say a

1 : members of the band " good charlotte " protested against kfc's treatment of chickens . then in 2012 and 2013 appeared in a number of kfc commercials in australia	good charlotte was still a band in 2012 & 2013 .
2 they must've ran out of teenage angst by now .	but they still have plenty of self-righteous doucheness .
3 the fact that they apparently got over their hippie liberal " save the poor animals ! " phase doesn't mean they're douches , it means they grew up . edit	complaining about downvotes ? that's a downvote .

1 hitler was a vegetarian and animal rights activist .	before he killed himself , he fed his dog blondi a cyanide capsule to make sure they were potent enough for use on himself . he really tried hard to

1 of someone who wrote to monty python to complain about having a gay group member , adding that the bible said any man who lies with a man should be	sometimes i think the world would be a better place with a church of st . monty python . evil cannot be feared when it looks ridiculous .

1 when a suicide bomber tried to enter an israeli supermarket , the security guard stopped her and said , " you will not enter the market . you and i	really hard to feel any pity for the palestinians when they pull this shit . israel may not be in the right but it's kind of like someone torturing a
2 given that you've conflated race with culture and probably don't understand that race is socially constructed , i wouldn't mind if you were stuck to a rack and tortured until	up to the comma , i was nodding . no torture . not of anyone .

1 there was a " back to the future " animated series that ran from 1991-1992 . the show was not popular , but it featured live-action segments where christopher lloyd	almost live . bill nye . beginnings .
2 i'm not the only one who remembers this !	why would you be ? did something bad happen to everyone else who lived in seattle during the 80s and 90s ? but seriously , how ' bout those high-fiving

1 about the little kids who swept chimneys in victorian england . what a terrible childhood .	damn government interference . if we lived in a libertarian / objectivist paradise kids would still be able to earn a living while receiving valuable job training . yay free
2 i think the favorable labor conditions we have now is not really due to government regulation , but more due to our advancement of technology and centuries of accumulation of	actually it was when the government was scared enough that it had to stop the companies from having unruly workers gunned down by pinkertons .

1 samuel l jackson originally intended to be a marine biologist before switching his major .	changing instead to baddassery ?

1 after a test preview for apollo 13 , an audience member said he hated the movie because it had a " typical hollywood ending " and that the crew should	what ? you mean , dumb people go to see movies ?

1 the original idea for the episode , jurassic bark , was to have fry's mother fossilized instead of seymour , but this idea was scrapped after it was thought to	i have re-watched futurama 4 or 5 times , but i skip this episode every time .
2 what i do is go through and watch all the episodes except for the sad ones , and then i go through a depressing marathon of game of tones ,	the sting ... damnit that one always gets me super haed

1 kim jong-un was not supposed to succeed his father , kim jong-il . the man that was supposed to succeed kim jong-il lost his chance after trying to enter japan	he is called " masao " and loved by many japanese .

1 in the process of trying to catch serial killer andrei chikatilo , soviet police ended up solving more than 1000 unrelated crimes , including 95 murders and 245 rapes .	so season five of the wire

1 a massachusetts court ruled that a sandwich must contain two slices of bread , thus legally barring tacos , burritos , and quesadillas from being called " sandwiches . "	well , why would you call tacos , burritos and quesadillas sandwiches in the first place ? they aren't sandwiches ...
2 in high school my friends played the sandwich game . rules were if you took a bite of your sandwich and put it back on your plate / tray and	ok wrong place to ask , but what is a sloppy joe ? is it a sort of bolognese in a roll ?
3 a sloppy joe is ground beef , tomato sauce , and sometimes onion , mixed together . most commonly eaten when on bread , but can also be eaten like	i just got a serious mad craving for a sloppy joe . oh man . i might have to go get sloppy joe fixin's on my way home today .

1 jerry seinfeld met his wife while she was engaged to another man . she married the other guy in june 1998 , went on a three week honeymoon , came	what's the deal with cheating ?
2 who said she cheated ?	true ... they probably spent 3 months just hugging .

1 sean connery was filming a love scene when his co-star's gangster boyfriend got jealous and pulled a gun on him . connery grabbed the gun from his hand and twisted	love scene a . k . a . bond bones some babes

1 willy wonka and the chocolate factory was a box office failure because mothers thought the lessons were " too cruel " for children to understand	roald dahl , norse parents , what can i say !

1 " wearing a costume was a source of humiliation for me and something i wouldn't want to do again soon . " - ben affleck	ben affleck is a pretty boy ! the bat needs to be played by a mans man .

1 nicholas cage claims to have invented his own acting style , and plans to write a book on it ...	" nicolas cage : haha .. am i crazy ... ? am i crazy ! ? am i ! ! ! ? "

1 the se-ga voice at the start of the sonic the hedgehog took up 1/8 of the cartridge space	worth it .
2 1/8 th of a cartridge to emit the voice echoed over a lifetime .	let's hear it one more time ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-qYziluDD5I
3 op is hearing it as se-ga and not sega , he may need to blow on the cartridge .	sayyy guhhh !

1 hitler hid his relationship with eva braun because he believed that he was sexually attractive to women and wished to exploit this for political gain by remaining single , as	he was also a drug addict ! his doctor had him on so much shit !

1 shakuntala devi , an indian mental calculator , was asked to give the 23rd root of a 201 - digit number ; she answered in 50 seconds . her answer	quick ! get her to mine bitcoin !

1 german interrogator hanns scharff was against using physical torture on pows . he would instead take them out to lunch , on nature walks and to swimming pools , where	i think i married him . my wife gets secrets from me during the lunches and walks .

1 for herbie : fully loaded , disney digitally reduced lindsay lohan's breasts by two cup sizes so the film would be more acceptable to family audiences	i'm pretty sure it was only for the posters , but it's kinda weird to say they were trying to advertising it to family audiences when [ this scene ]
2 ah , i remember the days when lindsey lohan was attractive . i even rented out that movie .	she's actually still incredibly hot now . stack her up against other women of her current age and she will be hotter than most . coke messed her looks up
3 where are the current photos ? i have heard nothing of the sort .	google image lindsay lohan 2015 or use the date search tool .

1 some native american's have a differing enzyme that tends to lead to easier alcoholism .	apostrophe means possession , as in " native american's mother tells him to shut the fuck up and get a fucking job . "
2 or a contraction , as in " that native american's drunk . "	you are correct sir or madam !

1 the original playboy bunnies were required to be able to identify 143 brands of liquor and how to make 20 different cocktails as part of their job requirements .	after reading that wiki i learned bon jovi's mom was a bunny and a us marine

1 itt tech has been investigated for claims of widespread grade inflation . in one instance , a student got a 100 % on a computer forensics assignment for turning in	fuckin greendale ...

1 the principal from ferris bueller's day off is a registered sex offender for life	seen in a comment thread , posted from wiki . professional tiler
2 what a coincidence ! someone reads a comment posted * * today * * and makes a post on * * today * * i learned .	scandal !
3 / u / skedoozy !	heh .

1 xerxes , the persian king , was known for his rage . legend has it that he once had a strait whipped - yes , the water itself - 300	i mean , that is on the verge of comedic rage right there . xerxes : " this strait won't let us pass ! i'll have it whipped ! "
2 i just read this passage in the voices of zapp brannigan and kif	https://thingiverse-production.s3.amazonaws.com/renders/e9/2b/ab/17/39/reddit-silver-medal-meme_preview_card.jpg

1 the biggest structure in the universe is over 10 billion light years across but we have no idea how it was formed .	cenelind gels up hair and gets a tan then exclaims : " aliens ! "

1 the church of satan does not worship the devil .	" the eleven satanic rules of the earth ... 9 . do not harm little children . " it seems already i have more respect for satanists , than the

1 henry allingham , the oldest briton in history , credited his longevity to " cigarettes , whisky and wild , wild women – and a good sense of humour "	why is it always crazy shit like cigarettes , booze , or a " pound of chocolate a week " that they say made them live this long ? it's
2 bingo	i imagine him as the guy from the " rippin ' and tearin ' rippin ' and tearin ' " video

1 a 1 yen coin will float on water	i've found vending machines that will accept ten yen pieces as quarters .
2 ten yen is what , like 10-12 cents ?	[ 13 cents ] ( http://lmgtfy.com/?q=10+yen+in+usd ) . ( seriously though the google currency converter is really useful . )

1 steve nicks of fleetwood mac has a charity called “ stevie nicks ’ band of soldiers ” where she personally chooses music to be loaded onto ipod nanos and delivers	stevie nicks forces wounded soldiers to erase their ipods before they can load them with music they actually like .
2 yeah getting a free ipod sucks .	love the name / comment combo so hard right now .

1 shakira was banned from her school choir because her music teacher didn ’ t think she could sing and ' sounded like a goat '	itt : people who don't know choral blending .

1 when laura bush was 17 , she ran a stop sign and hit / killed her ex-boyfriend . she was not charged .	i thought this was common knowledge .
2 it , is . but it doesn't hurt to continue to point out the hypocracy of the republican party .	if you really felt like pointing fingers at hypocrites you'd never stop pointing .

1 andrew jackson was challenged to a duel by charles dickinson who was considered an expert shot . jackson allowed him to fire first hoping his aim to be spoiled by	i read this as charles dickens at first , and i was really confused .
2 didn't realize it wasn't charles dickens until i read your comment , pretty confusing .	time to get your eyes , ears and iq tested because you just might have to ride the short bus from now on you contrived ninny . * * edit
3 the magic school bus was a short bus .	it * was * quite ' special . '

1 there was an american musician in the 1970s who sold very few records in the us , so he quit music and became a demolition worker ; in 1998 ,	i learned of this man while watching trailers before the lcd docu .

1 a ca man driving in an hov lane claimed the articles of incorporation of his business , which had been placed unbuckled on the driver ’ s seat , constituted	the court said that the articles were not the same thing as the corporation , so he didn't have a passenger .
2 it seems to me that he was probably trying to make this point exactly . like he was probably trying to make a political protest of sorts . or he's	i remember reading this story ages ago , and this was exactly his point . elsewhere on this thread others have described why his argument doesn't work , but i

1 a " butt " was a medieval unit of measure for wine . technically , a buttload of wine is about 475 liters , or 126 gallons .	a bunghole is the hole in a wine cask .
2 this is true . what else is it ? possible cause for confusion : i british .	slang for anus .

1 koko , a gorilla who learned sign language , pressured her female keepers into showing their breasts	> patterson also reported later hearing koko making a sound similar to human weeping . drawing upon this incident , patterson argues that non-human species can have human-like emotions .
2 i heard somewhere that cats don't regularly meow a whole lot . you take a bunch of cats and have them live without any human interaction , and a meow	my oldest tomcat has more ways to meow than surfers have ways of saying dude .

1 there have been nine different studies on dare ( drug abuse resistance education ) and all agree that the program does nothing or worsens the problem	they did succeed in providing teenage me with a sweet shirt to wear ironically . ( took a big gamble using the word irony online , did i get it
2 here's the thing . you said you " wear the shirt ironically . " is wearing the shirt contradictory ? yes . no one's arguing that . as someone who	it's ok , i got the unidan reference .

1 the late-president of the university of california described the three purposes of a university are " to provide sex for the students , sports for the alumni , and parking	he forgot political capital .

1 in 2008 buster posey of the san francisco giants , while playing for florida state university , once played all nine positions in a game . during that game ,	he deserves nl mvp this year .
2 he may have better offensive numbers by a little , but his defensive numbers pale in comparison to yadier molina .	uh , 25 more rbi , 17 points higher on ba , and he carried his team to the nl west lead . he deserves the mvp .

1 the us seized a wire transfer between denmark and germany to pay for cuban cigars , citing its own trade embargo with cuba as justification	us currency rules mean that all electronic usd transactions must transit a federal reserve in the course of moving from one bank to another , even if the two banks
2 and this is why the world needs bitcoin .	~ ~ needs ~ ~ * * has * *

1 the great nbc anchor brian williams does not have a college degree .	why does it matter if he has a degree or not ? i'd appreciate some honest answers . is it encouraging that people are successful without a college education or

1 oral sex was illegal in canada ... until 1969 .	camille crimson disapproves

1 resistance records , a white power label , developed and released a video game in 2002 called ethnic cleansing , where the player enters a ghetto to kill blacks and	op might want to learn capitalization rules for ethnicities before posting .
2 you can take your obnoxious pedantry and fuck right off mate . i used the source as a guide . is it supposed to be latinos not latinos ? oh	fantastic

1 the names of the territories of greenland translate to " much ice " , " center " , " south " and " darkness "	many cold
2 epic mene ! ! le doge mene xddd hahahahaha ! ! !	it's actually appropriate here .

1 in the united states , more money is stolen by employers from employees each year than is stolen in robberies , burglaries , larcenies and auto thefts combined . the	i think this is the fundamental reason so many in the business community ( esp . large-scale agriculture ) oppose immigration reform . it's so much easier to exploit people
2 maybe exploiting illegal aliens should be a crime of its own .	it already is . it's called tax evasion .

1 prostitution was widely legal in the united states up until the early 1900 ' s , when the woman's christian temperance union lobbied against it . this was the same	just goes to show , bitches be tripping

1 a man ran 350 miles in 80 hours with no sleep , ran a marathon in the south pole in - 13 degree weather and ran 50 marathons in 50	but did he walk 500 miles ? and did he walk 500 more ?
2 1362.4 miles , at least .	i would put that as a sticker in the back window of my hybrid .

1 ozzy osbourne's entire genome has been analyzed by scientists to determine how he survived decades of extreme drug abuse .	takes less than 5,000 usd to analyze an entire human genome these days . that was in 2008 i believe .
2 when it was first available wasn't it like billions of dollars ( usd ) ?	[ three billion dollars . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_Genome_Project ) the project began in 1990 and finished * only nine years ago . * there's been a * lot * of
3 yeah , now days your average hospital does limited gene analysis . tech's moving at a damn good clip .	i love seeing technology advance as a discernible pace .

1 despite the popularity of rick rolling , rick astley has only earned 12 dollars in royalties from youtube for his performance share .	when asked about those 12 dollar rick astley said , " i'm never gonna give them up . "
2 kek	what a shit comment this is . why did anyone upvote this ?
3 kek is what alliance would see when horde players typed lol . it's an old wow tradition that horde players would often substitute this as a way of identifying each	deeper . its also what koreans type for haha ;: keke . that is why it was kek in wow . blizzs little nod to krean starcraft community .

1 to get greeks to gain an interest in potatoes , a large shipment of potatoes was left on the docks of nafplio under guard . the guards were ordered to	his assassin's last words were " peace brothers ! " . what a bro .

1 the mcdonald's in sedona , arizona is the only one in the world to have turquoise arches ; the city thought that gold would clash with the natural red rocks	and no pic ? !
2 [ here ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c4/SedonaAZ_McDonaldsTurquoiseArches.jpg ) you go . it looks a lot different than i imagined it .	oh my god , i'm having flashbacks to the mcdonald's toys they made for the flintstones movie . it was the exact same colour scheme !

1 the chainsaw was originally used as a medical tool to cut away bone , and also to assist in child-birth	" this is gonna hurt you a lot more than it's gonna hurt me . "

1 the british empire was the largest empire the world has ever seen , claiming 23 % of the world's land area and population of 458 million	it depends on your definition . some people claim mongols are the largest because their empire was contiguous and that they controlled their territories directly , as opposed to the
2 the mongol empire wasn't controlled , at least if you're talking about ghengis khan's empire , he was a conqueror not a controller , he just charged in and moved	[ source ] ?

1 cockroaches grown in space became quicker and stronger than their terrestrial counterparts	great now there's fucking cockroaches in space !
2 first snakes on a plane , now cockroaches in space . then what ?	carnivorous sloths ... * underwater * !

1 north korea have dug several tunnels under the dmz since the 60s , each large enough to move 2000 troops into the south in under an hour	as someone who studied nk in depth for six months at uni most of this thread makes my head hurt . so much misinformation , so much misplaced fear and
2 is / r / pyongyang leaking ?	don't get me wrong , i'm not pro-nk . its just that the common public / media perception of nk as one big dangerous , deranged nuclear-enabled army ready to

1 knife manufacturer , victorinox , claims never to have had to lay off an employee . to avoid this they set aside profits during boom periods to supplement recessionary periods	so in priority order for victorinox : 1 ) employees 2 ) customers 3 ) shareholders

1 april 16 , 2016 will be the 500 year anniversary of bavaria adopting the reinheitsgebot . it is a law that said that the only ingredients that could be used	reinheitsgebot : stifling innovation in bavarian brewing since 1516 !
2 true , but you have to admit that they have flourished within the rules just fine . fantastic beer everywhere you turn . came back from germany and had a	that's because you ordered a sage and lemongrass beer .

1 in eurovision 2003 , belgium performed a song in a made up language and won 2nd place .	[ well , made up languages are awesome . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6gilH6f2hHk )

1 it was christopher lee's lifelong dream to play gandalf . he auditioned for the role but was given the part of saruman instead , because they thought he was too	he did a fantastic job as saruman could't get anybody better for it great actor christopher lee
2 christopher walken would have been cool as saruman .	as much as i like christopher walken , i don't think he would have made a very good saruman , personally . nowhere near what lee was capable of bringing

1 there are only 5 countries in the world that still use fahrenheit to measure temperature , the bahamas , belize , the cayman islands , palau , and the united	http://imgur.com/zdtkwYN.jpg ps i'll go dickless for michael chiklis
2 op is just pointing out that us is unique at this aspect , not bashing the federation . people just find this to be bashing because the imperial system sucks	the us is not really unique . the us passed a law in 1975 making metric the preferred units . people just don't use metric for some reason . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metric_Conversion_Act
3 one of the big reasons was that we didn't allocate any money to metrication of public facilities . if the feds had spent a few million to buy new speed	they actually did spend a few million doing that . the real reason is your heavy industry .

1 while nazis killed 6 million jews in ww2 , the imperial japanese slaughtered at least 23 million chinese	what does the first have to with the latter ?

1 the queen is the only person in the uk who is not required to have a driving licence in order to drive	i'm instantly reminded of this : [ http://i.imgur.com/Ew9Sn.jpg ] ( http://i.imgur.com/Ew9Sn.jpg )
2 " that ’ s some nice [ reckless driving , mr . b . " ] ( http://i.imgur.com/PmBuZcU.gif ) - police chief wiggum	i didn't see the wiggum line , so i clicked the picture expecting to see mr . bean .

1 today i learned that no-one is producing antivenom for north americas most venomous snake , because it isn't profitable .	most venomous , but nowhere close to most deadly . they hardly ever bite humans , their fangs are small and they're very shy .

1 68 % of british muslims support the arrest and prosecution of anyone who insults islam .	dear 68 % of british muslims : allah is a cunt . and so are you .
2 you should probably be aware that saying / writing something insulting ( where it is within the sight etc . of someone likely to be caused harassment , alarm or	parliament is filled with daft cunts .

1 actress hedy lamarr was also a mathematician and the inventor of frequency hopping spread spectrum , a technology still used for bluetooth and wifi	this is literally reposted every month . literally . http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/search?q=hedy+lamarr&restrict_sr=on&sort=relevance&t=all
2 who cares ?	i do

1 there's no archeological evidence of ancient jews being enslaved by , and later escaping , egyptian rule .	i think the bigger question is how much evidence should you expect for it . in egyptology , there is often a lot of missing gaps ( considering most sources
2 pretty big gap to lose 600,000 men , their families and herds in without a single contemporary trace and then you'd still have to explain why the earliest israelite archaeological	even worse to have them wandering around in the sinai for 40 years ( industrial grade poor navigation there ) and not leaving a trace .

1 although pancreatic cancer is usually deadly , steve jobs had the one variety that's curable . but for nine months , he refused treatment and instead tried a vegan diet	similarity could be drawn from steve jobs and walter white and how they dealt with cancer

1 russia has approved construction of an estimated $ 66b tunnel across the bering strait starting sometime after 2030 , making a railway from new york to london a possibility during	why would anyone want to travel from ny to london via siberia ?
2 talk about going the long way ' round .	got the sun on my face

1 lionel messi ( 67 ) and cristiano ronaldo ( 64 ) are the 2nd and 3rd all-time top scorers of the ucl , only behind raúl gonzález ( 71 )	the question up for discussion is ... is defending getting worse or are these two the best to ever grace the sport ? a mix of both for me .
2 well , if the lack of quality cbs was an issue , then we would have more strikers dominating . i don't know if any other striker in the past	mario gomez had 41 in 11-12 for bayern .

1 , on his deathbed , aldous huxley asked his wife for acid and she obliged him .	soma , 100 µg , intramuscular
2 lol did you know in the 80s a company actually named one of their drugs soma ? it was a painkiller or muscle relaxer or something like that . went	soma or carisoprodol . it's still around . it's a muscle relaxant and a very ( recreationally ) fun one at that . when you take enough of it ,
3 * carisoprodol	thank you . off top of head ; you know how it goes .

1 doritos were originally created by disneyland to make use of left over tortillas	i wish you could just buy the seasoning . i'd put that shit on everything
2 with a little experimentation you can probably make the seasoning . it's basically salt , cheddar and romano cheeses , buttermilk , onion powder , garlic powder and red and	msg is a non trivial ingredient . buy it at the grocery store , it's called " accent " and it doesn't do horrible things to you , like people
3 > ... it do horrible things to you like people think . what ?	thanks - messed that one up . too much msg in the brain .

1 gordon ramsay left one of his first jobs while as an aspiring chef because he was tired of " the rages the bullying and violence " perpetrated by the head	narcissists love to harshly criticize others . narcissists absolutely hate being criticized by anyone else .

1 all birds of prey check over their shoulders for other predators before striking - except for eagles	birds have shoulders .

1 if you don't identify as an " extrovert " or " introvert , " you might be an " ambivert . " an ambivert is moderately comfortable with groups and	i consider myself a idon'treallyneedtolabelmyselftoaccomplishanythingvert . edit : #hipsterthings
2 we call that a hipstervert	ok !

1 . in the us , the " we'll be back after these messages " often seen during kid shows of the ' 70s , ' 80s , and ' 90s	ah , the conservative approach to legislation . quite different from the current approach of " let corporations do whatever the fuck they want because they pay us " .

1 " good will hunting " was going to be a kevin smith film until he declined , saying they needed a good director .	kevin smith is great at kevin smith movies . they're hilarious and at times compelling . this movie is not his style . christopher nolan , steven spielberg , and
2 lookin at you jackie brown .	i recently watched jackie brown and really enjoyed it , actually . to each their own .
3 i loved jackie brown . i think people were just expecting something different after reservoir dogs and pulp fiction .	infact i want him to do another jackie brown . tarantino's movies are always fantastic , but he's stuck in this revenge groove and it's getting boring .

1 beck wrote and composed all of the songs on his grammy award winning album of the year ' morning phase ' whilst also playing over 15 instruments and singling vocals	so like every other normal musician then ?

1 both the united kingdom and canada have banned the westboro baptist church from entering their countries .	do you guys remember that poor innocent hardworking canadian kid in his early 20 ' s who was beheaded by a lunatic on the greyhound bus and then dismembered as
2 we have hate crimes in america too . fortunately , wbc has never actually inflicted physical pain on anyone .	i should have specified it would be closer to hate speech ? ? point is we can turn anyone away at the border , and groups can be classified as

1 in 1905 18 players were killed and 159 seriously injured playing football , and there were moves to abolish the game . president roosevelt personally intervened and demanded rule changes	there is no more badass leader in the history of anything that could ever be more badass than teddy roosevelt .

1 in 1992 , police in greensboro , north carolina told the management of a local retailer that they would no longer respond to any emergency calls at the store unless	my home town never shows up on reddit unless its doing / done something shitty . so um .. to counteract that ... it's got a great bog garden and
2 citizen of concord , nc here . at least your town shows up in some form .	holler for concord ! i went to school there , but lived in mooresville .

1 russell brand was fired from mtv for dressing up like osama bin laden the day after 9/11 .	the definition of ' too soon '

1 jason schwartzman is a member of the coppola family . his mother is talia shire , aka adrian from rocky , his uncle is francis ford coppola , and his	i don't know who jason schwartzman is but you just made me want some capicola

1 rabbits have to eat their own poop to extract sufficient nutrients for their survival .	yep , my rabbit does the same thing . they do it often , too , and only some of their poop , too . it's like they have special

1 not all kamikaze were volunteers , ' ' it's all a lie that they left filled with braveness and joy , crying , ' long live the emperor ! '	what prevented them from flying to a remote location in japan , landing in a field or on a road and hiding ? i mean if my choices were between
2 they only barely got enough fuel for the trip , so they had no other choice then going down . and even if they defected , where would they land	iirc they were given enough fuel for the trip and an ' escort ' to make sure they go to the destination .

1 the guy who snagged windows2000.com happened to be named bob and microsoft just happened to own bob.com . they came to an agreement to trade one for the other .	why would he want bob.com ? i want money not website that's my name .
2 sell it to someone named bob . sell it to a bobble head company . sell it to a fishing company that makes bobbers . create a genre of porn	one of these things is different .

1 itt tech has been investigated for claims of widespread grade inflation . in one instance , a student got a 100 % on a computer forensics assignment for turning in	this is why it is laughable for employers to put gpa requirements on job postings . not all grades are created equal .
2 i dont think i have ever seen such a thing . where are these postings ?	i remember seeing this on entry level jobs requiring a college degree when i was a fresh graduate . perhaps this is no longer as common .

1 the tv comedy malcolm in the middle used mood-setting music in lieu of canned laughter . artists included abba , they might be giants , kenny rogers , elo &	i prefer it that way . i don't particularly enjoy the sound of a crowd laughing during my tv time . matter of fact , none of the shows i
2 2 broke girls has a laugh track after every line . it's the worst thing to watch .	i watch it for the plot ... 2 ... massive kat dennings plots .

1 voted fraud was a likely culprit for kennedy's victory over nixon . one case in texas had 6,138 votes cast in a county of only 4,895 voters .	being a soul who watched those debates i find that very , very difficult to swallow . sorry op . i just don't buy it . nixon was sweating ,

1 the italian version of " you can't have your cake and eat it too " is " you want your bottle full of wine and your wife drunk "	oh man ! i have " comma fucker " and " have your cake and eat it , too " , on the same page ! now , we just

1 - at the age of 15 , jim carrey and his family were so poor that they were all living out of a van , with jim having to quit	yep . he also totally failed the first time he tried doing stand up . i'm going to try stand up for the first time in a month . if
2 i saw him on my 21st birthday at the laugh factory in hollywood and he was horrible .	how old you are now is important context here .

1 : when asked about atheists pope francis replied " they are our valued allies in the commitment to defending human dignity , in building a peaceful coexistence between peoples and	this guy is about more than a religion . he is more than " god's vicar here on earth . " he gets people . he is here for us

1 gamers , playing an online protein folding game , helped decipher the structure of an aids causing virus in 10 days ; it had remained unsolved by scientists for 15	a til that i actually knew before today !

1 people who are allergic to latex are likely to also be allergic to kiwi fruit and mango .	not being able to have mango is a fate worse than death .
2 i hate mango : l	tastes a bit like pine to me .

1 when russian pianist and composer julius isserlis defected in 1922 , he found an apartment in vienna , but the 102 - year old landlady refused to rent to him	was she renting out rooms when she was a child ? beethoven died in 1827

1 after reducing her size 34dd breasts to 34c 5 years ago , 2014 french open runner up simona halep has moved up 450 places in the world rankings .	i looked up her pic from internet before the game and thought her boobs were way too big for her to win a major tournament , so i bet on

1 in 2000 , people magazine voted neil degrasse tyson " sexiest astrophysicist alive . "	because science should be the celebration of hotness ?

1 until recently the navy communicated in all caps	i read all comments in mr torgue's voice ... i play too much borderlands 2

1 as a child raised in south carolina , us political comedienne stephen colbert observed that southerners were often depicted as being less intelligent than other characters on scripted television ;	i completely understand that . i'm from alabama and i don't have ( much ) of a southern accent for almost this same reason . in high school debate ,
2 just ask gaius frakkin ' baltar .	hilariously , his voice actor is gideon emery ( emory ? ) who plays the super dapper balthier in final fantasy xii
3 what are you talking about ? gaius baltar is a character from battlestar galcatica , played by james callis .	hilariously , james callis played one of bridget jones's two best friends . so it went bridget jones , gaius baltar , and moaning myrtle .

1 the pilot episode of lost was so expensive ( ~ $ 14million ) that the network president was fired for greenlighting it .	that's one reason why pilots are usually so bad compared to the actual show : low production values .
2 it's a weird situation , where in order to test if a show might be successful , the initial tester episode is given very little money and has so little	it doesn't even make sense for him to get fired . the show was brainstormed at a corporate summit organized to come up with the next season's shows .

1 when yao ming played his first game in miami , the heat promoted the game by passing out 8,000 fortune cookies . yao wasn't offended because he had never seen	haha

1 over 90 % of pregnancies in the united kingdom and europe with a diagnosis of down syndrome are terminated .	> when non pregnant people are asked if they would have a termination if their fetus tested positive 23 – 33 % said yes quite a discrepancy there .
2 a lot easier to say you wouldn't until its actually happening to you . until the prospect of spending the rest of your life pretty much full time caring for	this is why my wife and i explicitly don't want to discuss it unless a test comes back positive . it's easy to take a moral stand on something when
3 so am i weird for feeling i would abort the embryo if a down syndrome test came back positive ?	no . you aren't weird . you are normal . some people have different feelings on it , for whatever reason ( the reason doesn't matter ) - and that's

1 a chemistry grad student accidentally synthesized the chemical mptp and gave himself parkinsonian syndrome while trying to make opioids - accidentally advancing parkinson's research at his own expense	> kidston's parkinsonism was successfully treated with levodopa but he died 18 months later from a cocaine overdose . well this story just gets happier and happier , doesn't it
2 reasons why he became a chemistry student : [ ] altruistic reasons [ x ] i'm going to get * soooo * stoned [ ] chemistry is fun	i was told by a chem major that there was the big divide among the department between stoners and people who wanted to explode things .
3 the holy grail is getting high off explosions .	it would be cool to set off an ecstasy bomb at the un , lock the doors and pump in some sounds . explosions for peace .

1 after refusing to abandon a dying comrade numerous times , warrant officer kevin wheatley pulled the pins from two grenades and calmly awaited the viet cong , holding one grenade	my father , a vietnam vet , always said the australians were some of the best soldiers he ever fought alongside there . the only downside he said apart from
2 when australian's controlled phuoc tuy province after long tan the nva & vc avoided the province . they actually bifurcated the trail around the province so they wouldn't have to	long tan was a shit of a battle . crazy numbers , ~ 100aus vs ~ 2500vc . battle ended with vc retreat after ~ 4hrs of fighting http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Long_Tan

1 titan's combination of high atmospheric density and low gravity would allow a human to ' fly ' by flapping fake ' wings ' attached to their arms .	i know where i am having my next birthday party .

1 : when asked about atheists pope francis replied " they are our valued allies in the commitment to defending human dignity , in building a peaceful coexistence between peoples and	he seems like a pleasant man .
2 so you're buying his shtick too , eh ?	look guys , i'm edgy
3 nope . just sick of people ignoring all the bad this guy does and all the bad he represents because he does a handful of progressive things .	and you act as if a few extremely messed up priests represent the vast majority of the organization which is extremely huge .

1 an american psychologist at the university of wisconsin-madison developed an insane experiment called the " pit of despair " , which involved socially isolating young monkeys for up to a	i wonder if humans would do the same .
2 idk if you're aware of a study that was preformed by some european king hundreds of years ago where he wanted to see if he placed a bunch of orphan	it sounds familiar . how can we be so sure of their cause of death ?

1 william shatner once sold his kidney stone for $ 25,000 and donated the money to hurricane katrina victims	it also apparently turned him into an exact likeness of arthur sullivan too !

1 army ants are used as " natural sutures " - their jaws are so powerful , natives staple wounds by forcing ants to bite them and break off the body	apocalypto

1 django unchained has one of the highest , if not the highest usage of the n-word , being said 110 times	you should also know that the time period portrayed in the movie also had one of the highest , if not the highest use of the " n-word " .

1 the bbc now owns the rights to the iconic police box	ha that is until the tardis changes once again . lol

1 the way people count on their fingers differs from culture to culture , and that the scene from inglorious basterds where the english officer gives himself away while ordering drinks	when i was traveling ( i'm from the us and was in central america ) my travel buddy ended up being a girl from germany . the first time she
2 she freaked out because of the way you held up your fingers ?	she's a pretty crazy person . she freaks out about the little things .

1 the last duel in canada was between two men who were so terrified of dueling , one fainted and the other was seized by horror . the guns were also	so who got the girl ?

1 lord farquaad was so named to get the word " fuckwad " into a children's film	that's so weird . i watched shrek last week and contemplated this very idea . i guess it is pretty obvious in retrospect .

1 george washington died when his doctors tried to cure his epiglottitis ( i . e . inflamed throat ) with blood letting . he lost more than half his blood	i wonder what medical procedure we do today that will sound as stupid as bloodletting in the future .
2 not to say that it actually is stupid , but hopefully in the future chemotherapy will be considered as brutal as , say , the frequent amputations of the past	this is the best answer , something that seems normal now but barbaric when there's more sophisticated options
3 so developing chemicals that target and halt the spread of malignant tumors is barbaric ? yes , there are side effects , but our treatments are targeted .	amputations are targeted too

1 on this day in 1993 , zambians woke up to the news that their national team had died . the plane carrying the team crashed into the atlantic ocean .	similar loss to this was the entire team of torino f . c . team , italy . it was also horrible because it was the golden age of the
2 i believe you are referring to torino f . c .	my bad , sorry

1 the grey affected roger ebert so much , he walked out of his next scheduled screening . " it was the first time i've ever walked out of a film	i really liked that film . i don't know why it wasn't more widely spoken about
2 i think partly it was marketing and partly it was the the odd tone of the film . i think people really wanted to just see liam neeson punches wolves	i'm not sure what you guys are talking about , according to the linked wiki it was well received with almost an 80 % rotten tomatoes and ebert gave it

1 war elephant drivers had a chisel and a hammer in order to cut the spinal cord of an elephant on the battlefield if it caused too mutch damage in its	after reading the article a little , the fact that the romans lit pigs on fire and sent them after the elephants to scare them was a little more interesting
2 both facts are very interesting in my opinion . i find the pragmatic use of animals in warfare facinating , even if it is horrible and cruel most of the	and bacon when the fight was over .

1 some senators complained ' mr . smith goes to washington ' made the senate ' look like a bunch of crooks . '	so it was a documentary ?
2 nope . it's like a short film ? i don't know too many details on it , but it's an actual like movie , composed of characters , drama ,	not only an actual like movie , but an honest to goodness actual movie !
3 that - 1 downvote ... i don't understand ... did i say something wrong ?	neuromanson , your parent comment , was making a joke when he called a it documentary , as it's about crooked politicians .

1 the largest cavalry charge in history occurred in 1683 at the battle of vienna . lead by the polish king , 20,000 polish and german knights charged the ottoman army	you can ( sort of ) read about this in the baroque cycle by neal stephenson . great books .

1 elvis presley flew to denver and back one night just to pick up a fool's gold loaf : an 8,000 calorie sandwich made from a hollowed out loaf filled with	" david alder's book contains a detailed account of the event that made both elvis and the fool's gold loaf sandwich famous . " i mean ... i'm fairly sure
2 did he do something else ? i've only heard of him in regards to sandwiches .	that's odd , because i know elvis for his stellar movies .

1 tickling was a form of torture used in ancient china on nobility because it left no mark and recovery was quick .	as a younger sibling , i can confirm this is a form of torture . until your flailing legs or arm hit a lamp .
2 as an older sibling , i can confirm that if you ignore my warnings to not tickle me , then you're going to get a very hard punch to the	as a male older sibling of two younger female siblings , it sucks when you can't hit them .

1 presidents bush and obama are related	arent we all related to some degree ?
2 incest you say ?	when i look at my wife , all i can think is wincest !

1 pope john paul ii entered and prayed in a mosque , and even kissed the qur'an , in an effort to improve religious relations with islam .	you gotta admit , even though christians have done a lot of bad things , pope john paul the 2nd is probably the best pope and a ggg .
2 there've been plenty of good popes , especially his immediate predecessors .	but but i want to hold to my mid 19th century conflict historiography written by bigoted pre-redditors .

1 gunpowder was discovered by taoist alchemists who were searching for an elixir of immortality	boy , did that backfire ... ( drops mic )

1 wwii german ace heinrich ehrler's last words were : " theo . i have run out of ammunition . i'm going to ram this one . good bye . we'll	never thought i'd be giving a nazi props for his brass fucking balls . probably weighed down the plane . i'm sure after he ran out of ammo he tried

1 bruce lee could snatch a dime off a person's open palm before they could close it , and leave a penny behind	the government does this to me , they call it tax

1 john cena has granted over 250 make-a-wish foundation wishes , the most of any person in history .	he's the only famous person from the town i live in . west newbury represent !

1 eric clapton is in the rock and roll hall of fame three times ; once for being in the yardbirds , a second for being in cream , and a	somewhere i read that rock against racism was created to counter some of clapton's alleged sympathy for racism .

1 in switzerland , rabies has been virtually eradicated after scientists placed chicken heads laced with a vaccine in the swiss alps . the foxes of switzerland , proven to be	do autistic foxes make less babies since they are less social ?

1 there is a mountain in russia , called magnitogorsk , made almost entirely of iron with an estimated 7-10 billion pounds of iron ore	they have a hockey team called metallurg http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metallurg_Magnitogorsk

1 the firefly and serenity dvds are on the international space station since 2007 as a form of entertainment for the station's crews .	that's the official story . they're really on the station as part of a training program to deal with reavers .
2 i saw the movie before the tv series and expected reavers to be the main villain of firefly . they really don't appear at all outside of the first episode	[ spoiler ] ( http :/ / " the reavers * are * humans " )
3 sort of . it seems each member of the ship has a different opinion about what , exactly , they are . considering nobody knows exactly , rumors abound .	the spoiler above is stated outright in the movie .

1 the popular series red vs . blue was captured using an in game glitch ( halo 1 ) that was later recreated ( by bungie ) in halo 2 for	roosterteeth is amazing . they just made over 2 million on indiegogo for a movie .

1 the uniforms worn by the alliance on firefly are leftover costumes from starship troopers .	who doesn't like a good trenchcoat ? say what you want about the nazis , but their uniforms were very snazzy .
2 hate all you want redditors . but i got an german officer uniform from wwii and my god , it's the comfiest jacket i've ever worn . it's made of	so where can i get one of these ?
3 provided a link somewhere somewhere .. here : http://www.ebay.com/itm/WW2-German-M32-Officer-Wool-Tunic-Jacket-Wood-SIZE-/400392494086?pt=LH_DefaultDomain_0&hash=item5d39409c06	80 bucks with shipping ? * sold * .

1 there is a town in alaska that has had a cat as mayor for 15 years .	first order of business : free tuna for errrybody .

1 rainn wilson originally auditioned for the role of michael scott in " the office . " the producers didn't like his audition , but offered him the role of dwight	what the hell is that post title ?
2 it's perfect actually . methinks you aren't thinking or haven't watched the show much .	ahhh , its a show reference . haven't watched the office ... yet .

1 termites are being researched as a possible renewable energy source as they can produce up to 2 litres of hydrogen from ingesting a single sheet of paper , making them	don't get too excited . i first read about this 5 years ago and there's still not a whole lot to show for it .
2 what's the problem with that hydrogen will always be the fuel of the future !	hydrogen fuel is not feasible until someone figures out how to store it for everyday use
3 that will likely never happen . it's one of those pesky few gases that , when undergoing [ joule-thomson expansion ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joule%E2%80%93Thomson_effect ) , heat up . the other	what about the plans to use hydrogen and co2 to create gasoline ? it would solve the issue of storage and transport and we already have the infrastructure in place

1 dave matthews ' older sister , anne , was murdered in 1994 by her husband , who later killed himself . dave and his sister jane then began to raise	i like dave matthews ... but he is one weird guy . listen to one of his rants in the middle of a concert . very odd .
2 some of his between-song conversations in the tim reynolds nyc live concert were , um , interesting .	" gimme some of that toficken , baby ! " is not weird at all , what are you on about ?

1 when julius caesar had cato the younger removed from the senate for going against him , many other senators left as well . when caesar asked one why he was	i'd rather be with caesar than the cato institute

1 the highest thrill ride in the world is on top of the stratosphere casino in las vegas , and isn't a fraction as terrifying as the second highest .	[ stratoxscream looks friggin scary ! ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:StratoXScream.jpg )

1 betty white currently holds the guinness world record for the longest career in tv at 65 years .	bruce forsyth has been active on tv for about 72 years .

1 a pilot on southwest flight 1248 quoted the movie " airplane ! " saying , " i picked a bad day to stop sniffin ' glue . " the plane	what nobody else will tell you , is between " airplane " and " dumb and dumber " , there is a similar quote said on almost * * every

1 camels originated in the present day united states and only later spread to asia and north africa	the source is about ancestors of camels , 45 to 35 million years ago . the earliest camels were found in north america , but they had millions of years
2 yeah , i don't think op quite understands what the phrase " present day " means .	yes , op does . it's an odd phrase , but it means that camels originated in the place that is currently the us , or present day us .
3 yup . super ambiguous title that makes it sound like camels are native to the us .	thats exactly what the source is saying ... camels ( or their earliest known ancestors ) are originally from the land known presently as the united states .

1 in 1964 an israeli spy convinced the syrians to plant trees near military fortifications so that their soldiers had some shelter against the sun . the israeli's used those trees	i didn't know that freddie mercury also was an israeli spy .

1 there are only 5 countries in the world that still use fahrenheit to measure temperature , the bahamas , belize , the cayman islands , palau , and the united	... and ya'll can kiss our collective 98.6 deg . f . ass !
2 i don't understand . how much is that in celcius already ?	37 degrees , body temperature

1 male giraffes fight by smacking their necks together , which is frequently followed by gay sex	sounds like wrastling . real wrastling . not that wwe crap .
2 you mean wrestling ?	no , he means wrastling .

1 " octopi " is incorrect . " us " becomes " i " if the word comes from latin , but octupus comes from the greek , so it's either	what about colossus ? starcraft 2 commentators never seem to agree . the word probably comes from the greek so that means colossusses should be right ...
2 yeah , and what about the phoenix . it comes from latin so plural would be pheni ?	no . phoenices . like matrix .

1 in 1856 a teacher promised to kill any student who hurt his pet sparrow . he eventually strangled a student to death for stepping on the sparrow .	ah yes the infamous murder at the school for the deaf .

1 the guillotine was still the official method of execution in france until the death penalty was abolished ... in 1981 .	sounds merciful .. i'd much rather have my head chopped off then be put on an electric chair , it really creeps me out someone even thought of that ,

1 lindsay lohan was approached to star in the hangover . she declined because the screenplay ' had no potential '	but machete seemed like a great idea

1 speedy gonzales has a cousin called slowpoke rodriguez that appeared in only two cartoons . since he cannot move fast enough to defend himself , he carries a gun for	" don't you know ? slowpoke rodriguez is always packing heat ! "

1 from the 1940s sunbeam produced several models of toasters that could sense the heat passing through the toast , meaning that regardless of the color of the bread ( white	why the fuck is my shit burnt then ?

1 the us-canada border is the longest border in the world without a military defense .	without a military defense ... yet .

1 the canadian royal family are allegedly descendants of prophet muhammed , the tang dynasty and 6 other royal families .	canada has a royal family .

1 after hurricane ike in 2008 , comcast customers were billed for unreturned equipment that had been destroyed by the hurricane . customers were charged as much as $ 1000 for	[ you're equipment got destroyed in a hurricane you say ? oh jeez that's terrible ] ( http://i.imgur.com/QPwvzp8.jpg )

1 the word " sniper " refers to a hunter skilled enough to shoot a snipe , a small and fast bird .	shit i thought this was common knowledge to every reddiotor since most of us have been playing fps games and watching history channel since we where five .

1 jacob appelbaum , a man who has been repeatedly targeted by us law enforcement agencies for his work with wikileaks , was once detained by us customs ; they searched	ghis is totally off topic , but the only thing i could think while reading that wiki was , ' i would bet my life jacob wrote this himself '

1 when taco bell attempted to enter mexico their food was labeled as " authentic american food "	1 ) it is authentic american food . at least the same way a gyro and fries is authentic greek food . 2 ) they weren't labeled as it ,
2 wait , they don't make gyros in greece ? well i don't even care , they're the most delicious thing i've ever eaten in my entire life . edit :	you have to think outside the bun , cendeu .

1 the navy's two new littoral combat ship designs have severe design flaws , with the freedom class being deemed unable to survive combat , and the independence class rusting away	new class of ship = fixing bugs
2 nearly fatal structural flaws are not " bugs " though . edit : i'd take out my hyperbole , but fuck it .	they are design flaws that will be corrected in the second flight lcss .

1 buckfast tonic wine ( 15 % abv ) contains the caffeine equivalent of six cups of coffee and , among other things , accounted for 5,638 crimes in three years	there's a reason why it's linked to so many crimes , and that's because 90 % of people that drink it make up 100 % of glasgow scum . source

1 the cover art for i get wet by andrew w . k . , which is a image of awk bleeding from his nose , was created by andrew w	i also hear he pays quite the premium .

1 in 1992 , james may inserted a profanity-laden hidden message across 82 separate pages of autocar magazine . no one at the magazine noticed , and he was only fired	he looks a lot like stephen fry .

1 adam smith , the father of free market economics was against corporations becoming too powerful . he warned that a major flaw in laissez-faire , or free markets was that	which is why the government should not be allowed to interfere with the market .

1 splenda's sweet taste was discovered when a scientist who was told " test this chemical " misheard it as " taste this chemical " .	" test this chemical . " that's pretty ambiguous .

1 simply reading about yawning can make people yawn ( especially me )	i read recently that autistic people will not yawn when others do because they have difficulty empathizing with people .

1 paris hilton's grandfather donated 97 % of the hilton family fortune to charity and is embarrassed of his granddaughter	http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/uh0z5/god_the_trinity_is_here_on_earth/

1 stephen fry claims that douglas adams told him why he chose the number 42 , and that he will take the secret to his grave	clearly a joke . the fact he claims it is " obvious " is merely to encourage speculation about something that has no real answer .
2 pretty much . i'd guess the only reason he picked 42 was because it's a good sounding number that's not too long and not too short . another candidate would	and the difference between 37 and 42 is ... * * 5 * * . the law of fives strikes again !

1 naperville central high school in naperville , illinois has an actual egyptian mummy on display	wow ... i guess central does have better stuff than north ...

1 from 1995-2000 a man stole the pieces to the top winning prizes from mcdonald's monopoly and gave them to associates which claimed and shared the prizes totaling over $ 24m	of course they honoured the prize - can you imagine the headlines if mcdonald's took $ 1 million dollars away from a * children's hospital * it's the kfc boss's
2 no offense , but i don't think kfc would benefit most from this kind of publicity , of all the fast food chains you could have picked . just sayin	yea , burger king would probably be mcdonald's most direct competitor .

1 an eagle scout who joins the us army is automatically promoted to private first class .	i achieved my rank of eagle scout at 15 . it only helps if you aren't diagnosed with stage two hypertension at 17 years old at meps .

1 general erwin rommel found himself several times behind allied lines . on one occasion , he stumbled across an allied field hospital . they were low on supplies and he	he should have won .

1 there are documents that state that pope pius xii tried to perform an exorcism on hitler at a distance , but failed .	this actually makes me feel a lot better about the catholic church . at least some of the leadership really do believe what they preach , and it's not completely
2 you should try chatting with various members of their clergy . it can be interesting . especially the jesuits . those are some smart motherfuckers .	+ 1 on jesuits being ( mostly ) awesome .

1 honda fit was originally called fitta but was later changed to fit because fitta literally meant cunt in some markets	the real life bite-nuker .

1 many scientists have suggested that complete eradication of mosquitoes would not have serious ecological consequences	well how many species are we wiping out already ? we've already destroyed the natural world . we actually have good reason to wipe these punks out .

1 traditional samoans valued a bride's virginity so much , the chief would break her hymen in public so the entire tribe could see his bloody fingers .	tried this at my wedding , didn't go over as we'll as i had hoped .

1 morgan freeman is against black history month	sloths

1 there was an all girl band that would throw a ' golden condom ' to the audience , and whoever got it , male or female , was taken backstage	this was my only ever front page submission , with the exact formatting of the title . i'm not complaining though - without reposts like this , many redditors would
2 i guess my question , at this point , is why is a powermod ( term i just came up with for someone who mods over 60 subs ) reposting	[ the irony is strong ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/MinionHate/comments/3llkly/thank_fuck/cv7isde )

1 keanu reeves had suffered from and undergone surgery for two-level fusion of the cervical spine which had been slowly paralyzing his legs , only a few months before filming for	shit no wonder he is sad . we should stop the sad keanu meme , beating a dead horse really ...
2 it's a double entendre because you must know about how keanu's pet horse died as a kid . because of contagious sadness .	fight against the sadness artax !

1 james bond originally used a beretta 418 until a fan of the novels ( and small arms expert ) told ian flemming that it was a lady's gun . flemming	nowadays , fleming would have answered " and that lady is your mom . "
2 fleming ... one m ... ( alec fleming here )	thanks . damn you op !

1 a high school student served 5 years in jail and had to register as a sex offender after being falsely accused of rape by a classmate of his , because	this makes me upset

1 the 1996 horror film " scream " was originally supposed to be titled " scary movie " .	i remember hearing the screen writer for scream was really pissed off that his script was essentially used to make two films while he only got paid for one .
2 i doubt he went to court over it because 1 ) he's seasoned enough to know that movies get spoofed , and 2 ) every single movie he's worked on	yeh , i can't find any reference to it so you might be right . probably just some bullshit story i heard somewhere .

1 tim duncan ( 14 time nba all star ) started out as a swimmer and only began playing basketball in ninth grade after hurricane hugo destroyed the only olympic-sized pool	follow tom duncan on facebook he's hilarious

1 wd - 40 is not patent protected . this avoids completely disclosing its ingredients , making it harder for companies to mimic .	[ gotta love wd - 40 . ] ( http://imgur.com/kxdhH )
2 i once duct taped a can of wd - 40 ...	some cans of wd40 can fit snugly in the hole in ducktape . you just made a multi tool mother fuckers !
3 omnitool , you mean .	alas , you will have a very hard time removing a screw with only duct tape and wd - 40 , and while i imagine it's possible , i also

1 apu nahasapeemapetilon's children's names are lincoln , freedom , condoleezza , coke , pepsi , manifest destiny , apple pie , and superman .	i mean ... they are perfectly cromulent names

1 while high profile scientists such as carl sagan have advocated the transmission of messages into outer space , stephen hawking has warned against it , suggesting that aliens might simply	i'd have to imagine this crossed carl sagan's mind at one point . but he always struck me as a cosmic adventurer who would want to find out regardless of

1 graeme obree developed two cycling positions that were both banned for being too good	hopefully uci will come to realize what they did and allow these positions to help develop the sport until it's next stage . another dumb example i that comes to
2 right ? i feel like replays are so important for unclear plays . like ( i think it was yesterday ? ) yesterday when houston played cincinnati ( i personally	and that one perfect game that was robbed by a bad call .

1 if momma did ' buy me a mockingbird ' she would be violating the migratory bird treaty act of 1918 , and would be subject to a fine of up	that thumbnail confused the shit out of me . i thought i had gone my whole life without realizing that a mockingbird looked like a vulture .
2 you've probably never heard of the mockingbird's third stage . the ones that look like mockingbirds and sound like whatever they want , those are youngsters , second stage .	i do public speaking with raptors , this is about the same that i hear from time to time . people try to insist that bald eagles go through a

1 the first female pilot to ever serve in the norwegian military was beheaded by a mob in afghanistan in 2011 , killed along with 6 others , in retaliation for	i'm sure many norwegans respected her execution as a legitimate expression of muslim rage against western imperialism .

1 john wayne died of stomach cancer , which is highly suggested to have been caused by filming downwind of a nuclear weapons test . wayne refused to believe the fallout	" the cast and crew got in the way of my smoking "

1 samuel jackson is the actor with the highest grossing film total of all time .	i bet this is more from his bit parts in the marvel and star wars franchises than the rest of his entire catalogue combined .
2 don't forget jurassic park .	" hold on to your butts ... "

1 22 out of 23 mayan temples show festival dates well past 2012 ... the one that wasn't finished ended at the 13th b'ak'tun ( 2012-12- 21 ) there is no	we're supposed to party at the end of the cycle , not all die by fire and brimstone ? i like this much better . :)
2 if by " party " you mean " sacrifice virgins , drink hallucinagenic vine wines , and play drums while covered in bright feathers . " then , yes ,	can we replace " sacrifice " with " have sex with " ?
3 once you sleep with them , are they virgins ? no , so we have successfully sacrificed a virgin :)	clever clever .

1 slinkys were used in the vietnam war as mobile radio antennas . they would sling the slinky over branches and extend the range of their radios	formal protest to bring back metal slinkys !

1 : us entered wwii with near useless torpedoes because - - they ran too deep , prematurely exploded , didn't explode at all and sometimes circled around to hit the	sounds like my sex life .

1 ol ' dirty bastard rescued a 4 year old girl from the wreckage of a car accident that occured in front of his recording studio .	it's worth noting that we should be calling odb by his new name , ol ' dirty chinese restaurant , after the results of the [ racial draft ] (

1 stone temple pilots formed when singer scott weiland and guitarist rob dileo met at a concert . they began discussing their girlfriends and eventually realized they were both dating the	considering neither one of them had any idea about the other , if they were to fight about it it would be one of the dumbest fights of all time
2 yup , i mean i get the anger towards the guy that banged your girlfriend thing , but it's not his job to keep your relationship together .	if he doesn't know he's helping her cheat , sure . if he does , fuck him .
3 either way he's getting laid .	yeah , laid out .

1 mafia hitman , richard kuklinski , recalled what he considered his most " sadistic murder " , but also regretted the way in which he carried it out . he	its the worst and most inhumane way to kill someone what this man did . he mocked the mans religious beliefs told him to pray to his god and he
2 welp , this is why he got the death penalty . he deserved it ten times over .	no one deserves it .
3 that's always debateable , though never a fun debate .	it's a pretty easy debate . some people do deserve the death penalty for their actions but the state can easily make mistakes and because of that no one should

1 bowhead whales may be the world's longest lived mammal . in 2007 , a 15m ( 49ft ) specimen was discovered with the head of a harpoon embedded in its	the turtle that was born before the declaration of independence was signed died a few years ago , he was way older than this whale .
2 yet not a mammal .	oh completely missed the mammal part hahaha . my bad .

1 eminem repeated the 9th grade three times .	i guess he kept forgetting what he wrote down .
2 i imagine it would be hard to concentrate when the crowd goes so loud .	i'd probably only be able to open my mouth but no words would come out .
3 time's up , over ( blauw ! ! )	snap back to reality .

1 the concept for the spider-man villain , venom , was a fan based idea that marvel bought for a little more then $ 200 .	anyone else notice that adding venom to any spider-man storyline makes it immediately more popular ?
2 i guess that explains carnage . " how can we double the venom's in spidey's world ? " edit : / r / thevenomsite if you are a venom fan	how awesome would a maximum carnage movie be ? sony do it ! ! !
3 problem is that to do the story any justice it'd have to be a dark , r rated film and super hero films are all tailored to a family audience	in a perfect world , that wouldn't be a problem . instead we get decent spider man movies ( third one choked hard ) and another reboot . sigh .

1 jägermeister was originally developed as a cough remedy and to help aid digestion .	that explains why it tastes like medicine
2 dear god , i think nyquil is supposed to be jäger flavored ...	i had some crappy absinthe once , and it tastes exactly like green nyquil .
3 crappy absinthe ? that shit's so expensive it's like saying you got a crappy fabergé egg .	high price doesnt make stuff automatically good . try johnny walker blue label , wich isnt actually a bargain , and you're in for one of life's big disappointments .

1 while filming gummo some of the actors rebelled against the disgusting locations in which harmony korine wanted to shoot . korine was forced to buy hazmat suits for some of	the part where the kid sits in the bath with the green water and eats spaghetti . bleh , i almost got sick .
2 don't forget the chocolate bar and milk .	he drops the chocolate in the water and keeps eating it aaaauuugh

1 quaker oats bought the film rights to " charlie & the chocolate factory " , financed its production , and changed the movie version's name to " willy wonka &	i always wondered why they changed the name of the movie from the book . it had never occurred to me that it was because of a tie-in with the
2 i was actually under the assumption that it was because dahl wanted to disown it . who would have thought that a quick wiki search would have corrected me of	iirc he only distanced himself after it was made and released , because of how much it differed from the book .

1 the longest ever recorded sniper kill was shot from 2,475 meters or 1.54 miles away by british coh craig harrison . the bullet took over 6 seconds to reach its	i used to bullseye womp rats in my t - 16 back home , they weren't much further than 2475 meters .
2 killing innocent little creatures for sport doesn't sound very future-jedi-like to me ...	innocent ? you don't know womp rats my friend .

1 many phrases in english come from literal translations of chinese phrases , such as " long time no see " , " no go " , " lose face "	the words " smithereens " and " galore " are the irish words " smidiríní " which means tiny little pieces and " go leoir " which means lots or
2 deirtear go bhfuil ceangail ann freisin , idir " jazz " ( an sórt ceoil ) agus an frás " go deas " ... measaim nach bhfuil go leor fírinne	fuck you , my mother's a saint !

1 originally mr . t's gold chains came from customers at the night club where he worked . people had either lost them or left them behind after a fight .	how do you lose a massive gold chain or forget it somewhere

1 the verve had to surrender 100 % of the royalties earned by their hit song ' bitter sweet symphony ' to abkco , the rolling stones ' former record company	just scanning til with my weezer pandora playing when " bitter sweet symphony " by the verve comes on , 20 seconds later i see this post ...

1 milhouse got his name because it was the most " unfortunate name matt groening could think of for a kid "	[ worst . til . ever . ] ( http://static2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20120624090210/simpsons/images/c/cb/Comicbookguy.gif )

1 the firefly and serenity dvds are on the international space station since 2007 as a form of entertainment for the station's crews .	dvds ? really ? they send dvds into fucking space ? why not put 8 of them onto a 64gig sd card . its more reliable , lighter and smaller
2 arrrr ... turns out they don't allow pirates on the iss .	if governments can excuse themselves for war crimes then they can certainly get over such a little obstacle ...

1 the oldest living person smoked cigarettes from the age of 21 to 117	she died in 1997 . therefore she is not the oldest living person but rather the person with the longest confirmed lifespan .
2 she was such a 90 ' s kid .	[ picture of a wooden hoop and stick ] * only 90s kidz will remember this ! *
3 ball in a cup ! ? ! ?	yeah , cup the balls !

1 the potential sequel to gladiator is quite possibly the worst film i've ever heard of .	last i heard about this was the writers made this script so that a sequel would not be made .

1 chloroform isn't good for kidnapping - it takes at least five minutes of inhaling an item soaked in chloroform to render a person unconscious	isoflourine on the other hand ...

1 the largest nuclear power plant in the world is in ontario , canada and that their security force has won the u . s . national swat championship four times	it's known as the point to those of us in the area .

1 habeas corpus is a law because when the uk parliament voted on it in 1679 , they jokingly counted a fat guy as ten votes	from wikipedia : > lord norris , being a man subject to vapours , was not at all times attentive to what he was doing : so , a very
2 sounds like lord grey was annoyed no one was laughing at his fat joke . and i'm guessing ' * a man subject to vapours * ' is a fancy	[ nope ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vapours_(disease\) ) .
3 and i just thought i found an ent .	parliament .

1 suzanne collins , author of the hunger games , was a writer on clarissa explains it all	na na na na na , na na na na na , all right , all right !

1 manual gearboxes are lighter , cheaper , give better performance and fuel efficiency . they are the most common type everywhere besides north america and australia .	i think we're forgetting the most important argument against at and that is that manual transmissions are ridiculously fun to drive . edit : also much cheaper to repair .

1 christoph waltz is his own voice actor in the german and french dubs of inglourious basterds and django unchained	now , * * this * * is a muthafuckin til .

1 since 1985 the saudi government has ordered the destruction of 95 % of mecca's historic buildings , most over a 1000 years old . it's estimated that there now fewer	it's really sad how many people are making hateful bigoted statements about this ...

1 of someone who wrote to monty python to complain about having a gay group member , adding that the bible said any man who lies with a man should be	perfect python response .

1 a roman dictator , cincinnatus , was made a dictator while he was plowing his fields . after saving rome from rival tribes , he humbly returned to his farm	well that's really just how it went in the roman republic . elected dictators only ruled for the length of the issue , and even then their rule was only
2 yeah , the meaning of the word dictator changed . in rome it was a ruler appointed in a time of haste and need .	to ancient romans , the term " rex " - meaning " king " carried a lot of the same negative connotations that we associate with the word " dictator

1 the current flag of the usa was designed by a 17 year old for a school project . he received a b -	this is the problem with design school . b's are handed out so much that they mean nothing . they feel like nothing deserves an a and they are too

1 intel spilled 1.4 tons of carbon tetrachloride in rio rancho , new mexico in 2003 . deceased dogs in the area were found to have high levels of toluene ,	ccl 4 is so structurally pleasing though ... gotta love tetrahedrals . i'm also curious as to how ccl 4 would have anything to do with the appearance of an

1 the word " vagina " comes from the latin word for a sword sheath .	in swedish it's still the same word .

1 at a launch site in south dakota , the entrance to the underground missile launch control center is sealed by a blast-proof door painted like a domino's pizza logo ,	http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-WEhUUkOXwIo/T8U0P1c9f-I/AAAAAAAAFQ4/v1RJXMn-res/s400/mount%2Brushmore%2Btrip%2B397.JPG
2 damn ! we have uncovered classified information ! the stated range of those missile is only 8000 miles , but the sign says worldwide delivery ! the speed is supposed	i don't think i've ever gotten " nuclear head . " i mean don't get me wrong i've gotten good head , but i wouldn't refer to it as "

1 members of the kkk initially tried to convince black voters that returning to slavery was a good idea	and when that didn't work , they just started hiring them at minimum wage , and made them wage slaves who didn't even realize they were still essentially being forced
2 actually , the minimum wage was invented to protect white jobs and keep minorities unemployed .	? ? ? i've never heard that . any sources i could peruse . it's an interesting idea ...

1 washington state is the only state in the united states where assisted suicide , same-sex marriage , and cannabis use are all legal .	so glad i was born early enough to be able to vote " yes " on all three .

1 an identity thief stole the identity of a surgeon and while aboard a navy destroyer was tasked with performing several life saving surgeries . he proceeded to memorize a medical	it would be nice if more identity thieves * saved * peoples lives instead of fucking them up and destroying their credit .
2 read the article to find out that he did save many lives .	yeah , he's saying more identity thieves should be like that

1 pirate bay supporters sent $ 5,000 of flowers to a professor that defended tpb in court , to give to his wife	if you are going to try to claim innocence why the hell would you name your site pirate bay ?
2 pretty sure that rockstar games doesn't actually endorse people committing grand theft auto ...	that is completely irrelevant .
3 no its not . it's a cool name that's why they chose it .	you don't think that's a little disingenuous ?

1 the ceo of susan g . komen for the cure makes nearly $ 700k a year , about 25 % more than other non-profits of comparible size , while only	trademarked the phrase " for the cure ? " ... sued smaller organizations for using it

1 in the online game eve a player group spent 12 months infiltrating a rival group , then assassinated their leader and stole or destroyed $ 16,500 . 00 usd worth	* the simultaneous ambush and galaxy-wide hangar theft inflicted financial damage upwards of 30 billion isk - $ 16,500 us dollars at ige.com ' s prices . the value of
2 this sounds like my kind of game	do you like spreadsheets ?
3 what does a spreadsheet in eve usually consist of ?	counting damages & bonuses . mapping out skill queues . taking inventory of stock and corp goods . keeping track of players inside of a corporation . there's a lot

1 : when pete conrad , who was somewhat shorter than neil armstrong , stepped onto the lunar surface during apollo 12 , his first words were " whoopie ! man	thanks to you , til there was porn in the apollo 12 lunar checklist : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apollo_12#Stunts_and_mementos http://www.hq.nasa.gov/alsj/a12/a12_cdrcuff.pdf

1 john f . kennedy bought 1,200 cuban cigars the day before the us embargo against cuba came into effect	wait , am i reading that right ? it ends on the 14th of september ? so i'll be able to buy cubans in 16 days ?
2 there's still some american old farts seriously pissed off by fidel . i won't be surprised if before 14th september obama prolongs the embargo or follows jfk :-)	yeah , it looks he obama extended it by a year at the last minute last year . expect it to happen again . though i would love me a
3 how hard are they to come by in the states ? and how much of a premium do you have to pay for the pleasure ?	there's a shitload of fakes and usually you can only get them if you're " in " with a store owner ( as in he trusts you not to rat

1 john hopkins university conducted a study of mushrooms with 36 college-educated adults ( average age of 46 ) who had never tried psilocybin nor had a history of drug use	this should be chilling to the adherents of faith : spirituality isn't a matter of religion or grace , it's a matter of neurochemistry .

1 carbon monoxide is used in the usa to make meat appear fresher . this practise is banned in canada , japan , singapore , and the european union .	never buy meat that's in inflated air-tight containers .

1 some native american's have a differing enzyme that tends to lead to easier alcoholism .	kind of like asians , people from different regions tolerate alcohol differently . asians flush from a byproduct of alcohol processing ( which they can do incredibly fast ) and
2 > gallon's ಠ_ಠ [ stop apostrophe abuse ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/ApostrophePatrol/comments/1261mv/how_to_use_an_apostrophe/ ) | [ join apostrophepatrol today ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/ApostrophePatrol/comments/1261rx/stop_apostrophe_abuse_today/ )	i agree ; s'top apostrophe abu'se ... '

1 ryan white , an hiv / aids spokesman in the 80s , was expelled from middle school after contracting hiv from an infected blood transfusion . 117 parents and 50	" on august 31 , 1987 , a " very nervous " white was greeted by school principal tony cook , school system superintendent bob g . carnal , and

1 samuel l . jackson overcame a stuttering problem as a child by developing an affinity for using the word " motherfucker " in his vocabulary	pulp fiction was the final cure .

1 christopher nolan's interstellar is the only film in the top 10 worldwide box office of 2014 to be wholly original--not a reboot , remake , sequel , or part of	it's not really original though . hate me for saying it , but it borrows heavily from numerous other movies .

1 mitch hedburg's death was thought to be an april fool's day jokes since it was announced on april 1st , 2005 .	he is really missed , it seems :(

1 germany was forced to pay for all loss and damages to the allies after ww1 . they just finished paying it in october 2010 . the ww2 debt is still	yet they are one of the most stable economies in europe . they pay their bills

1 in the movie zombieland woody harrelson does not consume a twinkie , but a vegan faux-twinkies made from cornmeal due to his veganism .	reposted already ?

1 during prohibition , the us government ordered poison be added to industrial alcohol to discourage consumption . people continued to drink it , so the government mandated more potent poison	this reminds me of how they put tylenol in weaker opioid painkillers i . e . percocet and vicodin .
2 ~ ~ actually , it is because the combination of hydrocodone and acetomenifen works better than a higher dose of hydrocodone by itself . ~ ~ while what i said	there are alternatives tho , why acetaminophen which can be extremely harmful , why not ibuprofen ?
3 you need to take a ton of acetaminophen to damage your liver .	http://www.cnn.com/2014/01/15/health/fda-acetaminophen-dosage/

1 show producers gave a homeless man $ 100,000 to do what he wants ; within 6 months he had nearly spent all the money , and he eventually went broke	i remember this documentary , he gave the kid at the bottle return place a $ 10k car just for being nice to him . and he bought the girl
2 where did you watch it ? i can't find it online ..	my friend told me about this documentary like 7 years ago , apparently they played it on showtime on demand . i have been trying to find it online ever

1 the current afc west ( broncos , chiefs , chargers , raiders ) has the longest in-division rivalry in football	we don't like each other at all
2 fuck you .	fuck you , fuck you , and fuck you too .

1 vampire bats will die if they can't find blood for two nights in a row . luckily , generous well-fed bats will often regurgitate blood to share with others ,	do they make sure to get groomed first ? ... they should make sure to get groomed first .

1 ed o'neill was so typecast while on married with children , that his scenes were removed from a non-comedy film after a test audience laughed when he was on the	he played a similar character in ' dutch ' . good fun imo .

1 howard stern ran for governor of new york in 1994 promising to limit road work to night hours . he eventually withdrew , but later that year , the howard	stern also suggested filling potholes with the corpses of executed murderers haha .

1 the us suppressed a 1995 who study which proved that occasional cocaine use causes no physical or social problems . we only know it thanks to a 2009 wikileak .	everyone get drugs ! ! !

1 there was a chimpanzee who drank gin and tonics and masturbated to porn	so she probbably has an reddit-account ?

1 the seconds hands in train station clocks in switzerland run 1.7 % faster , then stop for an extra second at the top of the minute ( as they are	england , take note

1 gary oldman has never won , or even been nominated for an academy award	it tells you something about the value of the academy award .
2 * cough * * * sandra bullock * * * cough *	* cough * * * halle * * * * berry * * * cough *
3 * cough * * * [ marisa tomei ] ( http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0000673/ ) * * * cough *	to be fair , she was awesome and hilarious in " my cousin vinny " and has gone on to do good work . if you really want someone who

1 matt damon and ben affleck inserted an oral sex scene between the two professors in good will hunting to see which studio executives actually read the script . harvey weinstein	they reddit .

1 mythbuster's jamie hyneman ran away from home at the age of 14 and then hitchhiked all over the us . after that he is now a certified diver , wilderness	i remember when him and adam did a cameo in csi . i cracked up laughing when i saw that .

1 season two of " 24 " featured a terrorist plot that originated from a london mosque . a few months after the season ended , authorities raided the mosque and	" radical groups " not a terrorist hub though , right ?
2 abu hamza was there , and others . seems a bit vague on the linked wiki page but it was definitely pretty terroristy . [ article here ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/incoming/finsbury-park-mosques-terrorist-roll-call-465867.html	it seems vague because it's just a building where some assholes met . the title makes it sound like it was grand central station for terrorists . not everyone in
3 aw look , someone emotionally overreacting to factual statements and events . grow up .	the factual element is what is being contested .

1 the mouse used in the movie the abyss was " breathing " liquid and it was not a special effect . fluorinert was created by 3m and is a highly	so you're saying that the mouse is dead .
2 well , considering that movie came out in 1989 , i would hope so . edit : from the imdb page : > fluid breathing is a reality . five	no physical harm , perhaps , but the feeling of drowning ...

1 samuel l . jackson overcame a stuttering problem as a child by developing an affinity for using the word " motherfucker " in his vocabulary	and we're all so grateful !

1 the tv show dexter has been linked to two murders that wanted to copy the character dexter morgan	they're doing it all wrong .

1 george rr martin's a storm of swords lost the 2001 hugo award for best novel to harry potter and the goblet of fire . his response ? " eat your	gotta have dedicated fans when it takes you 6 years to release each novel .
2 and the whole brutally-killing-every-character-liked-by-the-fans thing .	he hasn't killed a single " character liked by the fans " since 1996 .
3 i can think of a few he killed off in adwd ( 2011 ) ...	oh i forgot about the character who martin clearly and undauntedly killed off in adwd . man that sure was a conclusive death !

1 susan b . anthony once said that the invention of the modern bicycle " has done more to emancipate women than anything else in the world " and called it	granted , back then there were only , like , four inventions .
2 hmm . 1 . steam engine 2 . bicycle 3 . telescope i count only three , what was the fourth ?	communism

1 there is a drink only sold in mexico called " pepsi kick " , with reduced sugar and extra caffeine , which is banned in the u . s for	i see them everyday lol , never felt like buying one ... you just have me an idea . didnt know they only sold here : o
2 will you mail me one ? :-D	sorry i don't think i could :(

1 : the term " two minute noodles " is predominately australian .	and new zealand mate .. australians also think theyre the only courntry that calls mcdonalds " maccas " also wrong . - kiwi living in w . a
2 since all bloody kiwis live in australia ...	kiwis make australia

1 executive fred thorlin , who while working with bill gates introduced a game to him , beat bill 35 out of 37 times . when they met again a month	if i remember correctly from years ago , the game might be petals around the rose . i'll see if i can dig up where i read that , i'm
2 how does anybody ever lose this game if they know how it works ? how did thorin only win 35/37 , if you can always tie once you know the	you lose by not saying it first . you tie by jynx ! but really , yeah . prolly not the game .

1 in penile-vaginal intercourse with an hiv-infected partner , a woman has an estimated 0.1 % chance of being infected , and a man 0.05 % . am i the only	in fact , just below that the article states " the majority of hiv infections are acquired through unprotected sexual relations . "

1 the girl who voice acted lilo in lilo and stitch went on to play the creepy girl in the ring .	http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daveigh_Chase her wiki page not a paragraph about her from and entirely different page .

1 suge knight's girlfriend who was about to testify against him disappeared and hasn't been found since 2008 . when all charges were cleared suge knight said " god is good	he's the definition of a scumbag . when he dies , the world will be a better place .

1 in 1966 french president charles de gaulle demanded that all american military personnel leave france . american president lyndon johnson asked if that order applied to american soldiers in french	is this meant to be a witty reply ? i don't get it .

1 the navel ( belly button ) is an erogenous zone , and that when touched , creates a tickling sensation in some people's genitals .	it's not an " erogenous " zone its a " get the fuck out of there unless you want to get throat punched " zone

1 liam neeson considered converting from catholicism to islam while filming taken 2	from one bad to the next . oh dear .

1 rick moranis retired from acting after his wife died of liver cancer so he could raise his children	never go over this man's helmet .

1 mark wahlberg ( aka marky mark ) committed a number of unprovoked assaults , many of which were racial in nature , and one of which permanently blinded his victim	unprovoked racist attacks ? in boston ? ... whoa , i can't believe this

1 due to nintendo's strict censorship policy , mortal kombat on the snes did not feature blood or as much violence as the sega genesis version . as a result ,	i'm fairly certain that mortal kombat ii was the reason that we now have the rating system for games in the united states .
2 wouldn't you say it has more to do with superstitious traditional european notions of blood ? blood was highly sacred in the christian religion .	no .

1 in ancient sparta , men were only given the honour of a gravestone if they died in battle , and women were only given it if they died in childbirth	read a little further . the spartans had things figured out a long time ago : " women were also known to compete in the olympics and other important athletic

1 since its introduction in 1998 and extensive combat use , the only thing that's ever destroyed the british challenger 2 was another challenger 2 .	that's because the people it fights against don't have planes .
2 don't underestimate what someone with a some sort of anti-tank launcher can do , it has fought those plenty of times . we did have air supremacy in bosnia ,	bosnian here . fucking yay .

1 the man who supervised the construction of the ctv building , which collapsed in the 2011 christchurch earthquake , faked his engineering degree . 115 people died , over half	protip : most engineering degrees are faked
2 it takes some real skill to fake an engineering degree to qualify for a professional engineer designation . not any engineering grad is allowed to approve building plans , professional	maybe today but what about in the 70s , can you speak to that ? i'm thinking back then it was more loosey-goosey .

1 frank zappa's grammy-winning album jazz from hell received a " parental advisory " sticker even though it is a collection of instrumental pieces and contains no lyrics at all .	now that's how you stick it to the man !

1 the mouse used in the movie the abyss was " breathing " liquid and it was not a special effect . fluorinert was created by 3m and is a highly	in some movies some animals were harmed in it's making

1 if finding nemo was real , when nemo's mum and siblings got eaten , nemo's dad would have developed female gonads and formed a breeding pair with nemo .	ಠ_ಠ

1 during the filming of titanic , an angry crew member put pcp in james cameron's soup , sending him and 50 others to the hospital	mannnn , i looked for pcp everywhere , never found it . and they get it for free in their soup ? fuuuuck .

1 in 1927 several million people in the united states sent over 100,000 petitions urging congress to adopt the metric system .	one thing i've figured out about america is that even if one of there customs is completely stupid they will still defend it to the death

1 the movie " commando " was originally conceived as a vehicle for gene simmons , who passed , and later scripted with nick nolte in mind to play the lead	" you're a funny guy sully , i like you . that's why i'm going to kill you last . " pure arnie
2 what happened to sully ?	arnie let him go . true .

1 sean connery had a gun pointed at him by a gangster and proceeded to disarm and knock the gangster to the floor .	" i'll take the rapists for 200 , alex ! "

1 maynard james keenan of the band tool has such a large problem with stalkers , that he'll shoot at trespassers on his property with a paintball gun .	dont forget the fan he choked while singing pushit never forget
2 he's a total asshole for doing this . this kid paid to come see the band perform and was in no way being hostile . tool is so fucking overrated	you don't think he fucking loved it ? have you met a tool fan ? i bet he tells this story to everyone he meets within the first 20 minutes
3 i've seen them in concert , i know the type you are talking about . i think almost putting a teenager into a coma for jumping up on stage is	it doesn't look like he's hurting the kid at all in the video . keenan was in the military and is a trained fighter . i think he knows when

1 , while samuel morse was in new york , he received a letter that warned of his wife's illness . morse left for home but arrived to find his wife	necessity is the blah blah blah of mothers ... or something . public school grad here !

1 jack and meg white of the white stripes claimed to be brother and sister , but were actually married and then divorced before the band made it big . jack	how whipped do you have to be to take your wife's last name ?
2 but i bet you expected your wife to take your name ?	i sure as fuck did . i'm all for equality but at some point a man has to be man . you're sticking it in her , not getting butt-fucked
3 it's pretty clear you don't understand the meaning of the word " equality " !	she must be so happy

1 henry allingham , the oldest briton in history , credited his longevity to " cigarettes , whisky and wild , wild women – and a good sense of humour "	if there were a ' most british person ' award , this person would have won it . 113 times .
2 didn't mention tea or kicking french ass , though . i'll give him an 8.5 / 10	also needs a tophat and monocle , like a proper gentleman . * * one day * * i'll go to england dressed like that , wonder how people will
3 i dunno , how would you react if i turned up in america wearing a ten gallon hat , cowboy boots and was wildly waving a machine gun in the	i'd wonder how i got to texas .

1 george carlin hosted the very first episode of saturday night live .	it's a fantastic episode and i encourage everyone to watch it . the musical performances are outstanding ; billy preston's something from nothing and janis ian's at seventeen .

1 the astronomer tycho brahe not only owned a tame moose . that moose died by falling down a flight of stairs while drunk .	what europeans call a moose n . americans call an elk .
2 moose and elk are two very different animals ! source : i'm canadian	me too ( canadian ) but in europe the words for them are switched . the north american moose is the eurasian elk . not the same thing .

1 today i learned that nobody knows whether " south " in new south wales means " new wales " in the south or a new " south wales "	no , it's new and it looked like south wales ...
2 that's the opposite of what most people say .	http://www.goway.com/downunder/australia/nsw/ ... and we had this argument with my year 8 history teacher ( who was awesome by the way )

1 the great pyramid of giza was once covered in highly polished white limestone , before it was removed to build mosques and fortresses .	anyone have a picture of what the pyramids would have looked like with all the white limestone ? sounds absolutely stunning .

1 , brian banks did 5 yrs in jail after a high school girl falsely accused him of rape . she also sued the school district & won $ 1.5 m	reddit users sure do love reposting the same 4 or 5 false rape allegations over , and over , and over again , don't they ?

1 to get the role of jim morrison , val kilmer learned 50 doors songs . he sung them so well that when they heard him sing them , the real	jimmy fallon does an amazing jim morrison impression . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eBRYsAfchkY
2 if you've never heard morrison .	nah , i've heard him time and time again , including all the rarities over and over again . he sounds almost just like him . even when he gets

1 there have been nine different studies on dare ( drug abuse resistance education ) and all agree that the program does nothing or worsens the problem	dare is to drugs what abstinence only is to sex .

1 " wkrp in cincinnati " recorded on videotape rather than film because it made the music licensing rights cheaper	you also can't find it on dvd or streaming because of all the great music in the show . riaa wants a small fortune to license it , making it
2 i just watched season 1 streaming on hulu .	yeah , i misspoke before i checked . they have changed all the original music in it to generic stuff . that is how they got around the expensive license
3 i think the nick at nite reruns suffered from the same thing . lots of awkward scenes where you can see that venus fly trap is clearly mouthing different lyrics	i recall a few years back , wkrp was being rerun , i think , on wgn ; i don't recall all the songs , but i absolutely heard "

1 tennille , of the captain and tennille , divorced the captain after 39 years of marriage and a very successful career because he became ill with parkinson's , and could	right you are , ken .

1 the canadian government has banned members of the westboro baptist church from entering the country	this is probably one of the only til's that has legitimately brought a smile to my face . go canada !

1 adidas was founded by two german brothers , adi and rudi dassler . after a disagreement , rudi went onto create puma .	we know http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/search?q=adidas+puma&sort=new&restrict_sr=on
2 well , this post is the one i finally saw and thus is the one that learned me of this fact . so he gets the upvotes .	so because this post * * * learned * * * you this fact , it's okay amirite
3 edit : hidey hoe , i am a moron !	what

1 the earliest piece of great literature , the epic of gilgamesh , includes a story in which gilgamesh is told to build a ship to save the animals of the	it should be mentioned that the epic of gilgamesh originated somewhere around babylon , where the jews were enslaves for many years . this suggests that the story of noah

1 , due to california banning civilian ownership of . 50 bmg rifles , barret will not sell or service to any of california's law enforcement agencies .	this is extortion - it surprises me that they were allowed to do this . edit ; downvote all you like it doesn't change the fact that refusing to sell
2 are you saying that private companies should be forced to do business with clients even if they don't want to ?	it's exactly the same as comcast throttling netflix .

1 thomas jefferson proposed a bill that punished male rapists with castration .	kind of defeats the whole idea of rehabilitaiting criminals when you lop off their junk .
2 men would still be perfectly functional without it . eunuchs ' manage just fine right ?	did you forget a / s or are you stupid ?

1 jews fought side-by-side with muslim soldiers to defend jerusalem against the crusaders .	they also fought alongside the germans in ww1 . stay classy , nazis .

1 there are only 13 million jewish people in the world today .	the link you provided shows over 15 million .

1 odds of being attacked by a candiru ( penis invading fish ) are " about the same as being struck by lightning while simultaneously being eaten by a shark .	i'll be fine , as long as i stay in sweden .

1 there are " exploding ants " that suicidally explode to spread poison on their enemies if their friends need help in combat .	* * i n s e c t i o n * *

1 lucille ball claimed she picked up radio signals on her dental work and reported it to authorities resulting in the bust of a japanese spy signal in la in 1942	load of crap .

1 kevin carter committed suicide 3 months after winning the pulitzer prize for a photograph of a starving toddler being stalked by a vulture	dammit , why did i even click this link . i can't stand photos or stories of children like this .

1 in the process of trying to catch serial killer andrei chikatilo , soviet police ended up solving more than 1000 unrelated crimes , including 95 murders and 245 rapes .	obligatory metal song about this guy ... [ chikatilo won't sleep ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eh-0oh4Dl3w ) - my cross to bare * video title is spelled incorrectly

1 it takes approximately 6 % of a crowd to change the entire direction the crowd is traveling in	why would a crowd be walking in the same general direction and not know where they are going ? if i was in a crowd all walking to the same
2 protests , i think , would be a good example . think of all the recent street protests in the us . the crowd's intent is not to go somewhere	to be herd *
3 a two bee herd doesn't sound very impressive .	oh beehive yourself *

1 cartoon network strongly defended aaron mcgruder when al sharpton called out the boondocks for it's portrayal of mlk jr .	sharpton is an irrelevant hack who calls out racism in everything to justify his continued use of our precious oxygen

1 after tearing a ligament in his throwing arm during what would be his final game , nolan ryan threw one last pitch that was clocked at 98 mph .	kinda curious which ligament and what the rehab was like . as someone who ruptured a tendon i know it's a long and very shitty recovery .

1 during ww2 a mix of high explosive and flour was given to guerrillas fighting the japanese . codenamed ' aunt jemima ' , it could be safely cooked into pancakes	" hmx is poorly absorbed by ingestion " that means yes you can have explosive turds .

1 a 1000mw coal power plant puts 100x more radiation into the atmosphere than a nuclear power plant	carbon - 14 man , fucks shit up
2 what ? no it doesn't . it's * carbon * . it doesn't have enough energy to be dangerous .	i wasn't speaking literally , i know its harmless , but it is the reason that coal plants put more radiation into the environment than nuclear plants
3 nah bro . it's from the radioactive impurities that coexist with the coal in the mines . mostly heavy alpha emitters like radium and stuff .	wouldn't most of it be from the carbon - 14 though ? seeing as it makes up about half of the carbon on earth that would make sense

1 a . c . perugia went unbeaten in 1978-79 , but did not win the serie a	ahly tripoli went unbeaten in the 1987 libyan premier league . they finished 5th . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1987_Libyan_Premier_League

1 intel spilled 1.4 tons of carbon tetrachloride in rio rancho , new mexico in 2003 . deceased dogs in the area were found to have high levels of toluene ,	the real question ; can i now use dead dogs as cpus ?

1 rainn wilson originally auditioned for the role of michael scott in " the office . " the producers didn't like his audition , but offered him the role of dwight	steve carell really was the perfect pick for michael , and rainn really was the perfect pick for dwight . it was perfectly cast , thats why there was such
2 he left during the show ?	yeah , there were a few seasons without steve carell . they had a whole episode dedicated to choosing who would replace him , and they ended up with ed
3 not quite . will ferrell was the replacement for steve carell for a few episodes . they had interviews after they killed will off . james spader got the job	not quite . james spader got the job , drove down to tallahassee , and convinced kathy bates to make him the ceo . andy was technically manager , robert

1 nelson mandela is a communist .	and communists aren't evil
2 his role model , karl marx , was / is .	no , karl marx wasn't evil . no point in talking to idiots , right ? go be smart somewhere else .
3 sure , he just believed in killing innocent people and throwing flowers in the air in the name of peace .	the fuck are you on about ?

1 rommel's afrikakorps was never accused of war crimes , he was involved in plots to assassinate hitler , he protested against the treatment of jews , refused to execute commandos	it's traitors like this , i tell ya ...

1 gene wilder refused to watch the 2005 remake of willy wonka because he didn't want to be disappointed in johnny depp	i wish i had refused to watch it .

1 an identity thief stole the identity of a surgeon and while aboard a navy destroyer was tasked with performing several life saving surgeries . he proceeded to memorize a medical	from wiki : he impersonated a ship's doctor , a civil engineer , a sheriff's deputy , an assistant prison warden , a doctor of applied psychology , a hospital
2 i concur . do you concur ?	great film , i don't think many people here got the reference though ...
3 catch me if you can had two very famous actors and a famous director . it's not exactly obscure .	three if you count amy adams .

1 many animals were harmed during the filming of milo and otis . it was reported that 20 kittens were killed acting as milo , the producer allegedly had broken a	my childhood ... :(

1 the current flag of the usa was designed by a 17 year old for a school project . he received a b -	and all he did was move the stars around . i think a b - was a bit generous .

1 japanese swordsmiths are only permitted to smith two swords a month .	sword control ? holy shit . let me off this planet .
2 pm me your address and i'll send you some rope with a special knot on it , made especially for you .	why , because i think sword control is ridiculous ?

1 there was no actual pope john xx due to a clerical error prompting the 19th pope named john to take the number xxi , because john xiv was counted twice	" antipope " sounds like an evil catholic super-villain
2 nope . just a pope propped up illegitimately just to be a dick .	that's not fair ! i'm sure his parents were married …

1 when weird al asked kurt cobain if he could make a parody of " smells like teen spirit " , cobain asked if it was about food .	this song was played constantly on ' the afternoon show ' in australia after its initial release . for months i thought weird al and co . were kurt cobain

1 speedy gonzales was banned by cartoon network for being an offensive stereotype , only to be returned after mass protest by the hispanic-american community .	you mean the smart mexican mouse who always defeats the stupid american cat ? gee , i can't understand why anyone hispanic would like that ...

1 when genghis khan sent a trade caravan to the khwarezmid empire , the governor of one city seized it and killed the traders . genghis khan retaliated by invading the	checkout the podcast " hardcore history " my dan carlin , he has like six hours of content on the khan . great stuff !

1 liam neeson turned down being bond because he was " not interested in starring in action movies " .	so much irony in all those actors ' reasons to turn down bond movies ...

1 the flavour " blackcurrant " is largely unknown to people in the united states , due to a ban on the berry in the early 1900s .	ok this is ridiculous now , first i find out americans don't have smarties , now i find out this ? ! what the fuck is this shit ?
2 they have a ' candy ' called smarties but i believe they're like refreshers - fizzy chalky sweets . for anyone wondering - british smarties are kind of like m	so do they taste like [ these ] ( http://sweetworks.net/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/03720-Sixlets-4-oz-Laydown-Bag.jpg ) ?

1 with the cost of $ 367 billion , a nuclear pulse powered interstellar spaceship can be built with 1968 technology to reach alpha centauri in 133 years ; achieving a	so how long would it take to reach alpha centauri with 2015 technology ?
2 pretty much the same amount of time . unless it turns out the [ emdrive ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emdrive ) actually works , nuclear pulse drives are still the best bet	what about a fusion powered https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bussard_ramjet not possible now , but it maybe in 10-20 years .

1 in 1988 , actor gary busey was in a severe motorcycle accident . busey , not wearing a helmet , was in a coma for 33 days . in 2008	everything just made so much sense .

1 women can reduce their risk of pre-eclampsia and miscarriages by frequently giving blow jobs , and the risk is lowered even further if they swallow . ( strictly scientific ,	well played , male scientists .

1 rashid bin saeed al maktoum , the emir of dubai from 1958 to 1990 , said of their oil-centric economy : " my grandfather rode a camel , my father	you don't just go from a land rover to a camel ... at the very worst the last son is driving some shitty honda
2 a shitty honda is just a normal ford .	you feel better now that you got that off your chest ?

1 in 2004 at the british press awards , jeremy clarkson punched piers morgan leaving a scar above his left eye .	powwerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr

1 : an mit student wrote newton's equation for acceleration of a falling object on the blackboard before jumping to his death from a 15th floor classroom .	it's also mentioned in the " 21 " movie .

1 hitler was a vegetarian and against any form of animal cruelty . during movies in which animal cruelty was portrayed , he would cover his eyes and look away until	and yet he killed his dog . also , 10s of millions of people . so , y'know . fuck him .

1 the number 42 was the random seed chosen to generate the universe in eve online	because it is the answer to the ultimate question of life , the universe , and everything !
2 that's the joke .	[ yep ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xECUrlnXCqk )

1 disney world is on the 2nd floor . the ground floor is an above-ground system of tunnels that moves employees around the park .	i'd rather see the infrastructure of disney parks than the actual attractions . i figure the only way to do that was to actually work there tough .

1 due to climate change , the island nation of kiribati is rapidly sinking into the ocean . the government has already started buying land in other countries for its people	there is a country called kiribati .

1 the ceo of susan g . komen for the cure makes nearly $ 700k a year , about 25 % more than other non-profits of comparible size , while only	my sister was a sorority sister to susan g . komen's niece . said she was a spoiled princess whose family made a ton of money from their foundation .

1 the parents in ferris buellers day off met onset and actually got married after filming .	woulda been cooler if they hadn't gotten divorced 6 years later ...
2 and the principal wasn't into kiddy porn ...	wait really ?
3 [ yezzir ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeffrey_Jones#Arrest )	rooney ! !

1 the lion king game led to the creation of direct x .	time for a confession : had it on the snes as a kid . never got past the damn level with pink hippos and purple rhinos , which iirc was

1 clocks today move clockwise because sundials were first used in the northern hemisphere .	related fact - " clockwise " was historically " sunwise " tangentially related fact - " counter-clockwise " was historically " widdershins "

1 citizen kane was nominated for 9 academy awards but only won one and was booed by the crowd every time a nomination was announced .	i'll bet the 1942 equivalent of reddit loved the hell out of the idea of a 24yo filmmaker pissing off a corporate giant like hearst .

1 radiotrophic fungi exist which can transform gamma radiation into chemical energy . they were found inside the chernobyl nuclear plant .	if only there were some helpful fungi that could break down nuclear fallout and cleanse disaster zones .
2 sadly , not for nuclear waste . but check out mycoremediation ! mushroom mountain has been doing a lot of great stuff with it , and it's starting to get	eli 5 mycoremediation ?

1 fans of steve irwin killed at least ten stingrays as an act of revenge after he died .	these fans have done so much disservice to steve irwin . irwin loved animals so much that he would never hurt them . animals are nature and does what they

1 " fancy " ketchup refers to its specific gravity	i thought that " fancy " sounded silly enough for ketchup . til there's something sillier : " extra standard " .
2 isn't that kind of an oxymoron ?	all standard ketchups are standard , but some standard ketchups are more standard than others .

1 after merriam-webster added " mcjob " – defined : a low-paying job that requires little skill and provides little opportunity for advancement – to their dictionary , mcdonald's asked for	insulting people that work at fast food restaurants ... the only food workers in the usa that don't whine over low tips . how about we simply respect anyone that
2 you're missing the point . the point is that mcdonald's does not pay a living wage .	you're missing the point : tons of places out there pay less than mcdonalds and don't treat their employees a fraction as well as they do . why hate on
3 how is it doing better than most entry level ? 7-11 pays $ 12.50 to start , target pays $ 10 .	those are also good companies . most entry level positions at mom-and-pop places and lesser franchises are minimum wage without benefits .

1 after the french revolution some card games started to use the ace or 1 as the highest card which symbolized the lowest in society rising above the king	wait .. the ace isn't usually the highest card ? * swiss here , the only cardgame i know * * * is a game that's unique to switzerland (
2 ace is almost always the highest card in the us . i think people are just questioning the validity of where the practice came from .	except in big two for whatever reason . warning : nsfw spongebob comment below .

1 canada was the third country to go to space	i once read a book where it was france and canada that were the world powers fighting in the space race .

1 each suit in a deck of cards represents the four seasons , the 13 represent 13 lunar months , the 52 cards represent the 52 weeks in a year ,	so vegas is like one big pagan ritual

1 while most humans have three types of cone cells in their eyes , there are known cases where people have four , widening the spectrum and exactness of colors they	cool . how could we replicate this ‽ i kinda want to see a visual representation of how it would look to see with this !
2 an interrobang , nice .	people use those ‽

1 the world's first buddhist ruler , emperor ashoka , who ruled india form 274-232 bce , was the first ruler in human history to ban slavery , the death penalty	usually they assassinate people with such radical views as non-violence and equality . you can't let such dangerous ideas spread .

1 a famous british explorer in africa became extremely ill and then had his supplies stolen . to feed himself he let the natives put him in an exhibit and people	dr . livingstone i presume ?

1 john hopkins university conducted a study of mushrooms with 36 college-educated adults ( average age of 46 ) who had never tried psilocybin nor had a history of drug use	johns hopkins university

1 although the all-seeing eye was a real freemasonry symbol , it has zero connection to the illuminati except in modern conspiracy theory	sure , guy who works for the illuminati ಠ_ಠ

1 pixar animators working to finish toy story 2 had such a heavy workload that many chose to work long hours even though pixar discouraged it . animators developed carpal tunnel	this is normal for studios , crunch time means unlimited overtime usually and if you're like me , you'll see your time spent playing video games as a loss of

1 stephen fry was celibate for 16 years , from 1979-1995	during which time he became known as the most rational man on earth .

1 the makers of the star wars prequels did not physically create any clone trooper costumes for the movies . every single clone trooper on screen was a computer generated image	i've spent hours at a time on the wiki . there's just so much to read about . you look up a character from the movies and just keep reading

1 in the 1924 tour de france , riders used cocaine and chloroform as performance enhancing drugs .	before the mountain stages , cyclists in the tour de france would smoke cigarettes . they used to think " it opened up the lungs " . my friend the

1 jehovah's witnesses have falsely predicted the end of the world 20 times .	the left wing has predicted the end of the world several times in the recent past ( global warming , over population , y2k , etc . ) . the
2 wait , over population and y2k are left wing topics ? say what ? !	yes . so is the fear of environmental catastrophes from pesticides and herbicides , gm foods , and hydraulic fracking .

1 kevin spacey personal life is so private that no one can confirm his girlfriend's identity .	i thought he pushed her in front of a train to avoid all the publicity .
2 fuck sake dude	the reference , it is lost on me .
3 leave this thread , and do not return . one day , you will know . trust me . you will not be able to miss it .	i don't really watch a lot of movies , so if that's it could someone point me in the right direction ? if it's gore i'm not fazed . if

1 the flavour " blackcurrant " is largely unknown to people in the united states , due to a ban on the berry in the early 1900s .	there are also red currants and white currants . the red ones tend to be more sour and the white ones are similar but with a more subtle flavour .

1 11 year old james dean was sexually abused by a minister and had a sexual relationship with a methodist pastor in his teenage years .	there's an alarming number of hollywood stars that were sexually abused . some conspiracy theorists claim james was a monarch slave , akin to the likes of marylin monroe .
2 what is a monarch slave ?	some stupid conspiracy involving butterfly tattoos .

1 ronald reagan's son , ron reagan , is a politically active liberal atheist and a contributing commentator on msnbc .	" yo daddy be rollin ' over in his grave right about now "

1 many scientists have suggested that complete eradication of mosquitoes would not have serious ecological consequences	i nominate bedbugs and chiggers to die first .

1 microsoft released the critical update notification tool for win 98 , but then changed the name to critical update notification utility to avoid using the unfortunate acronym	yet until recently , visual studio's generated code always included the line " this code was generated by a tool " . always made me chuckle . as if all

1 seth rogen paid the bills and was the main wage earner of the family by the age of 16	usually the case when you're a child star
2 is doing stand-up comedy in your hometown really considered being a child star ?	freaks and geeks is legendary
3 freaks and geeks existed ( not aired in my country ) [ this picture ] ( http://imgur.com/ui22RQw ) is oddly disturbing considering i had no idea any of these guys	holy shit , jason segel never changed

1 : when donovan mcnabb was traded to the vikings , chris kluwe had the same number . kluwe gave it up under three conditions for mcnabb : donate $ 5000	donovan mcnabb is literally worse than aaron hernandez .
2 let me do the math on that . ice cream weighs a certain weight times the force of a bullet divided by hitler . i think i might not know	ice cream x cotton candy flavored gum = inevitable death ? i think we're on to something here !
3 wait . you forgot to carry the one . does anyone here speak algebra ?	no algebra . but * allegedly * .

1 comcast has the lowest customer satisfaction level of any company or government agency in the united states . including the irs . also , cable is the only industry to	thought ea held this title .

1 when einstein was told of the publication of a book entitled , ' 100 authors against einstein ' , he replied : " why one hundred ? if i were	this is great ; it doesn't surprise me coming from the same man who said , " no amount of experimentation can ever prove me right ; a single experiment
2 i wish more modern scientists were like this . all this " everybody thinks it's true " is so annoying . why not encourage the challenging of current scientific theories	they are ... your notion seems to be heavily covered by smears against science are you in any way living in a highly religious environment ?
3 starting a debate with the ad hominem fallacy won't get you far here .	i didn't you on the other hand did

1 in most nordic countries there are laws called " every man's rights " which state that it is legal to trespass , camp , fish and pick berries on public	brb becoming robin hood .

1 oral sex was illegal in canada ... until 1969 .	" ... lesbians , for whom 1969 was a very momentous year "
2 how do they even track these things ? unless a couple is having oral sex in public , how are they caught ?	i imagine an oral sex charge was something they just tacked on in addition to the more serious charge

1 consuming asparagus affects the smell of urine , but only 22 % of the population have the gene to smell it	what about tuna ? once during a poor streak , i ate nothing but ( canned ) tuna for breakfast and lunch , my urine stank to high heaven of

1 don king has killed two men . he shot one in the back who had robbed his illegal gambling house and later stomped an employee to death over $ 600	* i believe iron mike tyson put it best . * * * * " he's a wretched , slimy , reptilian motherfucker . this is supposed to be my
2 his punishment should have been having tyson beat him to death	that's getting off easy . we should have mike fuck him instead .

1 : 35 % of democrats polled in 2007 believed the president or the cia knew about the 9/11 attacks in advance .	george bush's reaction in the classroom ( which was pretty good , in my opinion ) would have been much different had he known about it beforehand .

1 not only did ernest hemingway commit suicide , but so did his brother , sister and father .	well fuck .

1 gladiator had a planned sequel and a script written by nick cave . but the story was so crazy , ( maximus time traveling , being reincarnated by roman gods	well , it was written by nick cave ... so of course the script would be bizarre .

1 washington state is the only state in the united states where assisted suicide , same-sex marriage , and cannabis use are all legal .	fuck yeah washington state . i live there .
2 me too freind ! high five i think this is the largest redditor washingtonian gangbang in the history of the planet . edit - tri-cities checking in ! gg washingtonian	hi ! i heard there was a washington circle-jerk ! can i , a fellow washingtonian , join in ?
3 woooh ! a good day for washington ! because remarkably , it's not raining today . ^ ^ ^ not ^ ^ ^ in ^ ^ ^ olympia ^ ^	no rain in bremerton !

1 vin diesel has played dungeons and dragons for 20 + years and had a fake tattoo of his characters name during the filming of xxx	i love this guy .

1 the donkey kong in dk64 is actually donkey kong jr . all grown up & cranky kong is the original donkey kong from the arcade version of donkey kong	donkey kong kill screen coming up . if anyone's interested .

1 the city of kitchener , ontario , canada with only around 200,000 people is home to the largest oktoberfest celebration outside of germany .	thought it might have been this place in ontario instead ... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swastika,_Ontario

1 the male angler fish exists solely to find a female and fuse his body with hers .	yes . yes ! this is why there is til . this is fascinating . thank you !
2 if my future mate ever complains , i'll use this til to show him things could be worse .	of course , if you ever complain about him , he'll just show you the wikipedia page for the female bedbug's mating habits . ( she gets impaled through the

1 today , a waist-to-hip ratio of 0.7 is considered most attractive by indo-europeans , and that even ancient civilizations ' representations of women most often fell in the 0.6- 0.7	i measured my own ratio after reading this fact . i have a . 8 ratio . fuck .
2 in cameroon , you're considered perfect !	this should become a standard backhanded compliment . i'll have t-shirts done up .
3 why backhanded ? what makes cameroon's beauty standards less important than any other ?	oh please . don't be so politically correct . this thread was clearly about indo-europeans .

1 south africans call traffic lights " robots " .	and roundabouts ' circles ' . getting directions from my south-african born girlfriend is hilarious .
2 circle is a lot shorter than roundabout , robot is a lot shorter than traffic light . no wonder we use those terms :D some other interesting facts : many	and it's also technically true if the traffic lights process the number of cars on either axis and change based on that .

1 alfred binet , original inventor of the iq test , created the methodology to identify students who needed help , and deplored its use as a ranking for a unitary	i wonder if the person to created bmi feels the same way .
2 how ? if you're and average person it's pretty accurate . it's useless for fit people though .	bmi is still useful for fit people though . i work out regularly , and it's crazy helpful to track my bmi vs body fat % . high bmi with

1 tina turner is no longer an american citizen . she has passed a german language test and swiss history test and is exclusively a swiss citizen after giving up her	she lives about 15 minutes from my place . has a huge mansion right on the lakeside and is never outside . i row past her house everyday . she
2 i live relatively close to where she was born . nutbush , tennessee . it's a lonely spot in a sea of rolling fields . as they say about tiny	731 represent .

1 nintendo offered to send gloves to the owners of mario party back in 2000 over children suffering from cuts , punctures , and blisters from the n64 ' s joystick	worst blister i ever had .

1 deadpool once killed off the entire marvel universe , including the writers themselves .	and it was a clunky story that really sucked .

1 3 years after illegally joining the marines at the age of 14 , jacklyn lucas snuck onto a ship bound for iwo jima , stormed the beach without a rifle	and in 2014 ( maybe it was 2013 ) an adult woman claimed twitter gave her ptsd . it's like the mirror opposite of this story .
2 " twitter gave you ptsd ? a grenade gave me lead poisoning . "	plot twist , no lead in grenades . must be aliens .

1 when chamillionaire asked michael jordan for a pic , jordan responded with " i ain't taking pictures with no n * ggas . "	this guy needs to chill out like tyson did .

1 the number of chinese killed by the japanese during ww2 is greater than the number of jews killed in the holocaust	the germans also killed more russians and about the same number of poles compared to jews who died during the holocaust .
2 so ww2 was pretty much the low point of the century ... edit : my highest rated comment is about how much our species failed in the 20th century .	1/40 of the entire world population died during world war ii .
3 source ? that's hard to believe . but its numbers like this that really put recent wars into perspective .	i'm disappointed that you have downvotes for asking for a source

1 edward bernays , nephew of sigmund freud , used his uncle's insight into the human pysche to create the public relations council , popularize cigarretes for women , make bacon	everyone needs to know about this man and how he was able to influence the minds of everyone currently on earth .

1 for the guinness world records , it is required in the guidelines of all " large food " type records that the item be fully edible , and distributed to	so that post where two guys put hamburger buns on either side of the earth means we have to eat the whole world now ?
2 that would actually be kind of awesome . have a team on either side of the world with some buns , cheese , and condiments . then , make a	the world's biggest world .

1 ibm has stated that the scroll lock key on your keyboard does nothing . when pc magazine asked an executive of keyboard manufacturer key tronic about the key's purpose he	haha . thanks for that . i was wondering about that the other day .

1 : while shooting the lord of the rings , viggo mortensen ( aragorn ) often spent days hiking to the film's remote locations , in costume and carrying his sword	the actor who played boromir was afraid of helicopters so he hiked up the mountain each morning to the shooting location . edit : hey look we made it to
2 > the actor who played boromir you know where you are , right ?	he looks a lot like the guy who was in game of thrones also ...

1 the canadian government has banned members of the westboro baptist church from entering the country	i've seen this on the front page 3 times , each with over 1500 upvotes . just sayin ' .

1 hitler coined the term " assault rifle " upon testing the then-unnamed stg 44	i gotta say though i absolutley love the styling and power of this weapon .

1 marijuana ( and hemp ) in the us was actively suppressed by some of the richest men in the country to protect their interests in the newsprint and nylon markets	brian griffin also explains this in the episode ' 420 ' ( season 7 , ep . 12 ) .

1 the first animal to ask an existential question was from a parrot named alex . he asked what color he was , and learned that it was " grey "	" what color am i ? " " blue and black . " " really ? i * feel * white and gold . "

1 nguyễn ngọc loan , the executioner from the famous vietnam war photo , opened a pizza joint in virginia after the war	my mother , who's from south vietnam , always told me that this photograph was justice . that the executed man was some kind of deranged murderer . i had

1 after micheal jackson's death , google crashed for the first and only time after millions of people overloaded their servers .	what a strange life .
2 i feel pretty bad for him . he basically sacrificed everything for us . sure he ran into some bumps along the road , but who wouldn't ? when the	yeah , i like to think of him as a modern day jesus : he didn't sacrifice jack shit for me either .
3 i'll take thriller over the works of jesus .	in my head , a nativity scene just stopped , stared at the camera , and busted out a perfectly choreographed thriller performance .

1 after it was found a black girl was fabricating a gang rape allegation , al sharpton accused the prosecutor of being a racist , and stated the prosecutor was one	this world will be a better place when al sharpton leaves it . he's a filthy fucking racist and all the outlets of media are afraid to call him out
2 spike lee is the same way	yea his movies are kinda anti-white . i actually know spike lee's son from school lol
3 kinda ? every single movie he's made features faultless black people oppressed by white people . in all of his movies , blacks are provoked at least several times over	god damn you guys are fucking morons

1 the original price is right gave a contestant a real elephant as a gag prize , and planned later to give the winner $ 4,000 instead . the winner complained	they were smart . elephants are worth $ 100,000- $ 400,000 .
2 today . doubtful they were worth much more than $ 4,000 back then .	dammit , i knew i should have invested in elephants back in the day
3 $ 4000 in 1958 money adjusted for inflation would be $ 32k today . if you invested in elephants you would have had 3-12 x as much . you missed	well . not the 25 ~ 100x i was expecting , but hot damn .

1 the sister city of boring , oregon is dull , scotland	it's no [ nimrod ] ( https://maps.google.com/maps?q=nimrod+oregon&hnear=Nimrod&gl=us&t=h&z=15 )
2 i'm going to guess this was named after the mythical hunter , long before bugs bunny used it to refer to elmer fudd , and changed the meaning in the	i really , really , wish there was a way to bring this up in a conversation without sounding like a pretentious fuck

1 in 1997 , there was a contest to win a fully-furnished exact replica of the “ simpsons ” house in clark county , nev . the winner could choose to	does it have the rumpus room ?

1 actor cillian murphy converted to atheism after researching his role as a nuclear physicist in the sci-fi film " sunshine "	converted ?

1 dr . pepper , was first served 127 years ago today , preceding coke by 1 year	i just turned to my dr . pepper and said ' happy birthday ! ' i encourage others to do the same .

1 in 2000 , blockbuster video turned down a chance to purchase a one-year-old company called netflix for $ 50 million .	that was a xerox level fuck up ... then again xerox is still around

1 violet smarties were previously dyed with cochineal , which are crushed dead insects !	this is not the smarties i grew up with ... i grew up with the wafer ones only .

1 montecristo , a small offshore island in italy , has a 1,000 visitors limit per year and it's prohibited to stay overnight , go fishing , swimming or surfing .	and don't screw with edmund dantes .

1 : an individual horse has a peak power output of 14.9 horsepower	bonus til for you : > a healthy human can produce about 1.2 hp briefly ... and sustain about 0.1 hp indefinitely ; trained athletes can manage up to about
2 how much power do u produce when you move 575 kg 1 meter during 10 seconds ? i . e . world record squat	it would be mgh / t which is about 550 watts , with estimation . that is less than a hp .

1 jeremy clarkson punched piers morgan in the face .	i had to look up who piers morgan is . he seems like a good person to punch .
2 99 % of america had never heard of piers morgan before cnn put him on . to counteract this cnn played many a commercial about piers morgan joining the network	the rest of the piers morgan story is about why you're right .

1 in 1979 a woman jumped from the 86th floor of the empire state building , only to be blown back onto the 85th floor . her only injury was a	i prefer to think she was a superhero that accidentally flew into the building and broke her hip , then needed a cover story so nobody would discover her real

1 if too many pistachios are shipped in a single container , they will self-heat and experience spontaneous combustion .	this can't be true , because there is no such thing as too many pistachios .
2 apparently there is . you see , pistachios are so damn delicious , they are like an atomic bomb of deliciousness . once they reach critical mass , they cannot	worth it .

1 the army astronaut badge is the rarest badge issued by the us army	seriously ? ? i was * just * about to submit this link and you beat me by 55 seconds .

1 hershey's chocolate is flavored with sour-tasting butyric acid , which also gives vomit its aroma . this is why people unaccustomed to american chocolate sometimes compare it to vomit .	http://i.imgur.com/B6OESmH.png

1 hitler loved pranks . he once tricked a high ranking nazi into thinking he was going on a suicide mission , causing him to escape , hand himself over to	hitler apparently was a bad comedian , constantly telling jokes . one of his former bodyguards , rochus misch , the last surviving occupant of the führerbunker wrote about his
2 oh my god . holy shit . you guys . hitler is just michael scott from the office ...	that's actually a thing on german tv : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I39Y49NEB1Y
3 the best part about this is the ticking time bomb in the briefcase . claus von stauffenberg was the one-eyed german warhero who tried to assassinate hitler with a bomb	i remember him , looked like tom cruise

1 mall of america is owned by canadians	minnesota , canada , they're aboot the same , eh ?
2 you can generally tell a minnesotan from a canadian since canadians put - aye ? at the end of their sentences and minnesotans put - hey ? at the end	it's eh
3 sorry for being unclear eh ? i was trying to denote pronunciation . canadians use a long a-sound where minnesotans add an ' h ' to the pronunciation .	i'm canadian and nobody here says " eh " . maybe in the maritimes ( pei , newfoundland ... ) , but the vast majority of the country never says

1 the bermuda triangle's rate of confirmed mysterious disappearances ( per area ) is no higher than anywhere else in the world . the whole concept is bogus .	but it has a scary name .

1 christian , judaic , and islamic texts all ban interest on loans	the reason jews have gotten the reputation for being money hoarders , etc . was because in medieval europe , it was illegal for any christians to make money from
2 just to expand on this - jews got around their religious prohibition on interest by saying " it's ok to lend to non-jews " . later it became ok to	it's not " by saying " . it says in the torah that the laws only apply to jews for jews .

1 the snl jeopardy sketch was created by norm macdonald purely so that he could show off his burt reynolds impression .	norm is great , but every time i see those old jeopardy sketches i remember that darrell hammond is probably the most under-rated snler . never really broke out big
2 and now norm stole his job as colonel sanders !	apparently people didn't like the hammond colonel ? they were some of the best , funniest commercials i've ever seen . i totally got it . i guess the world

1 the first time ted bundy was reported as a possible suspect , the police ignored it because they thought it unlikely that a clean-cut law student with no adult criminal	was that when he was found to have the most obvious rape / murder kit ever ?
2 no , it was before . btw , [ that's the kit ] ( http://i.imgur.com/UTIYJ0x.jpg?1 )	how could they let him go with that ? its literally the most obvious signs of a serial killer besides having the body in the trunk too !

1 the security director for morgan stanley in the wtc predicted airliners crashing into the towers , drew up a detailed plan accordingly , and used it to swiftly evacuate all	he deserves the congressional medal of honor .

1 when king charles ii of navarre was deathly ill , his physician ordered him to be wrapped and sewn into bed sheets that had been pre-soaked in brandy . a	did i do that ?

1 the book of mormon suggests that there were donkeys , cattle , horses , oxen , sheep , pigs , goats , elephants , wheat , barley , figs ,	while the text might be crazy , mormons are some of the nicest people i've ever met .
2 my wife and her entire family is mormon . mormons , in my experience , are some of the most hateful , gossipy , bigoted , close-minded , self-righteous ,	all of our members aren't perfect . what you said is true for a lot of people .

1 the brain consumes 20 % of the body ’ s energy , despite it accounts for only 2 % of a person ’ s weight or about 1.4 kilograms .	how to create a weight losing program off your brain burning calories ? can you concentrate your way through your fat ?
2 play chess profesionally .	chess players raise their stress levels making the body do a bit more work but this has nothing to do with chess thoughts .

1 in 1140 , when the weibertreu castle was defeated by king konrad iii , the women of the castle were granted free departure and allowed to take what they could	they literally put the team on their backs .

1 jon stewart is the highest-paid late night host , making an estimated $ 25-30 million per year .	no problem with him making what he can , it's america , right ? lived several years there , through the 2008 election . 21 minutes of the daily show
2 look , i know the daily show can be informative , but there is an obvious spin . i love the daily show , but i would never rely on	the only spin is the liberal bias of reality . oh shit yeah npr is excellent and informative !
3 haha , well played . my only problem with npr is that it really only looks at events on an international level . it's hard to find a mainstream american	heh thanks . not sure i agree , npr do often give an international context to things ( which they must be commended for ) but in addition covering the

1 the shroud of turin has nothing to do with jesus - it's been comprehensively radiocarbon dated to the medieval period .	http://www.jesustoasters.com/

1 angelina jolie purchased 60,000 hectares of cambodian land that was infiltrated by poachers and turned it into a wildlife reserve . some of the former poachers were employed as rangers	" but but but ... she stole jennifer aniston from brad pitt ( brad pitt couldn't have had a choice in the matter ) so she's a bitch ! "
2 why are you making this about that ?	i'm not . note the / sarcasm tag in my original post . my point is this woman does so much charitable work but people forget about that and pin

1 taco bell has tried to enter the mexican market twice , failing both times , even after branding their food " american " food .	you yanks should be thankful for living in a culturally diverse society and consider yourself lucky for having relatively easy / cheap access to mexican food ... especially those closer
2 ... looks like a business opportunity ... que buen idea ! ay voy , australia !	not really . there are plenty of mexican restaurants , and heaps of taco bells - all things considered . op doesn't know what he's talking about .

1 the guillotine was still the official method of execution in france until the death penalty was abolished ... in 1981 .	when you think about it it's actually a pretty effective way of executing people .
2 i'd take the blade before the chair any day .	but can you sit on a blade ?

1 blue moon beer is made by millercoors , but miller coors doesn't seem to want anyone to know that	and shock-top is a budweiser product .
2 you surely mean abinbev . the biggest bastard on earth for messing with great beer recipes .	sabmiller and inbev literally own ~ 99 % of the world's beer market . so sad . fortunately the microbrew market in the united states has been growing very steadily
3 inbev makes 19 % of all beer sold , sabmiller 9.8 % . so in short they are very short of owning 99 % of the beer market .	no facts ! that's cheating !

1 seth rogen paid the bills and was the main wage earner of the family by the age of 16	usually the case when you're a child star
2 jodie foster was supporting her family from age 10 . so there , seth rogen !	just imagine shirley temple
3 or the olsen twins .	the only thing the olsen twins supported was drug habits

1 the last us president to speak a foreign language fluently was fdr	it was kind of funny when the republican presidential candidates last cycle were attacking each other over how many languages the other spoke as if speaking another language is a
2 " a man who does not know a foreign language is ignorant of his own . " goethe	> goethe he lived in an area surrounded by little countries that all spoke different languages . he needed to speak another language . americans live in a very large
3 a man who does not know a foreign language and makes excuses to hide his shame is an american .	i speak 3 . a man who can not read is hiding what shame ? and not 3 that are almost the same like most people who speak more than

1 at least two people died from the " ice bucket challenge " .	not really because of the ice bucket challenge though . one guy was a firefighter who was " injured when a ladder got too close to a power line while
2 yeah , as the fad got old , people kept trying to do something more extreme than the last version , and it got out of hand . they aren't	incase you hadn't heard there's an armpit challenge , famously done on someone who was driving a car
3 ugh , imagine having a bucket of armpits dumped over your head , that must be horrible .	i think the armpit challenge is pretty horrible as it is , the smell

1 half of the world's roundabouts are in france	tucson is converting some residential 4 - way intersections into roundabouts but the * * fucking idiots * * leave the 4 stop signs in place , thus defeating the

1 frank zappa was invited to perform in live aid concert ( to raise funds for relief of the ethiopian famine ) but he refused , calling the event " the	i went to the public pool that day . had the whole dang thing to myself . my dad said everyone was home watching " live aids . " dad

1 there is a john cleese voice option for tomtom , and when you must " bear to the right " , it is followed by " beaver to the left	there's also a snoop dogg voice you can buy .
2 i have this ! turn right neffew	" go straight , like a playa do . " i also have snoop giving me directions . he told me how to get to casa bonita in january .

1 while drilling in 1971 , soviet geologists tapped into a cavern filled with natural gas until the ground beneath the drilling rig collapsed . to avoid poisonous gas discharge ,	can anyone give an estimate of just how much gas has been burned at this point given the size of the pit ?

1 carl sagan was not an atheist stating " an atheist is someone who is certain that god does not exist , someone who has compelling evidence against the existence of	itt : / r / atheism explodes trying to argue against a carl sagan quote .

1 the nfl is legally required to keep the browns , bengals and steelers in the same division regardless of future alignment plans	poll time ! what's the best division-as-a-whole rivalry ? it's got to be either the afc north , nfc north , or nfc east , right ? which division's members
2 nfce - only division where every team fanbase genuinely hate * every * other team . nobody really cares about the lions or the browns - at least it seems	no , we all hate each other here too .

1 while wearing a tuxedo , it is improper to wear a watch .	belts are off limits too , suspension of the trouser should be achieved by braces or the quality of the tux's fit .
2 that's fairly normal for and kind of suit dress-up though : if you need to wear a belt or braces , then your trousers simply don't fit you properly .	nay . if your trousers have belt loops , you should wear a belt whether you need it or not .

1 howard stern ran for governor of new york in 1994 promising to limit road work to night hours . he eventually withdrew , but later that year , the howard	hey nowwwww

1 only the winner on jeopardy takes home his earnings , 2nd and 3rd place get $ 2,000 and $ 1,000 respectively	in many cases that's more than they earned anyway ;)

1 the child murderer with the alias " seito sakakibara " wrote to a newspaper after misspelling his name , saying " from now on , if you misread my name	it's both , a child murderer who targets children .

1 fanta was invented during wwii when coca-cola couldn't import syrup into nazi germany due to a trade embargo , so instead invented a new drink , just for nazi germany	german here : as far i know they copied a local drink called ' gelber sprudel ' ( translated something like ' yellow carbonated water ' )

1 there is a conspiracy theory that the titanic never sunk . instead , it was her sister ship , the olympic , and it was an insurance scam .	it must be true . how else did leonardo dicaprio star in inception , if he died in titanic ?
2 he didn't die ... he floated to the beach ... where inception started . and woke up	dude . no edge .

1 in fucking , austria , the only reported crime has been the stealing of their road signs . in an effort to save money replacing road signs , a vote	if you're fucking , then you're probably fucking .

1 beethoven hated authority and social rank ( he was a commoner ) , so much that he would stop playing if aristocrats talked during his performances .	if you have never watched immortal beloved and are interested in beethoven , it's a great movie that touches on some of this and other strange things that he was

1 in the original print of the hobbit , gollum offered bilbo the one ring as a reward to winning the riddle game . j . r . r . tolkien	and in the original movie , [ gollum was a frog ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-Htfht1bdHh8/UG8OtKWPrUI/AAAAAAAABtk/XtjK8gSEUN4/s1600/gollum_1980.jpg ) .

1 adam savage has expressed an interest in proving natural selection over creationism on mythbusters . and has been working on a pitch for discovery .	adam savage is my hero .

1 of maximilian kolbe , a priest in auschwitz who volunteered to die in the place of a stranger who cried out " my wife ! my children ! " .	he's a saint now . i remember reading about him in grammar school ... yeah , went to catholic school , k - 12 . but he was a mensch
2 yeah i went to a school named after him before he was canonized the school was crazy but he seemed like a pretty awesome guy	wow ... that's cool ... none of the schools in my area were named after anyone after st . thomas more
3 went to a st . thomas more for high school . pretty cool dude .	not if he caught you with an english translation of the bible . then you'd be more concerned with how terribly hot he could make you .

1 despite having a net worth of over $ 50 billion , ikea founder ingvar kamprad still drives a ' 93 volvo . he also recycles tea bags and takes salt	when you said rich and volvo i thought of gus from breaking badhttp :/ / i.imgur.com/qwxyoms.jpg

1 : j . k . rowling lost her billionaire status because she donated so much of her money to charity .	this woman is just phenomenal
2 as well as gorgeous .	and sexy .

1 in 1958 a cessna was flown continually for over two months , refueled via truck matching its speed on a desert highway	no one else curious how they did the air-to-ground refuelling ?
2 the biggest obstacle they overcame was changing the oil - they somehow had it rigged to change it , while in-flight , through the firewall .	i think they just added to it . o - 320 ' s burn about a quart of oil every 6 hours , so that's a change every two days

1 dr . phil's current wife is his second marriage . his first wife , an ex-cheerleader and homecoming queen , claimed dr . phil was domineering and confined her to	i have friends who are professional therapists , counselors and a couple social workers . dickhead phil is roundly hated by people actually trained to do what he fakes doing
2 but oprah endorsed him . oprah .	oprah also endorsed ' the secret '
3 " the secret " works . the trick is you need to be the one to write it , not the one reading it .	my mom has a terrible habit of bringing up the secret and saying things like , " you're too negative . you need to have a more positive attitude ,

1 when yao ming played his first game in miami , the heat promoted the game by passing out 8,000 fortune cookies . yao wasn't offended because he had never seen	that is american political correctness . assume that something is going to offend somebody with the " offended " person not being aware of what is going on .

1 during the berlin airlift one of the pilots gave some candy to some children in berlin . after seeing how much they enjoyed it he began dropping candy from his	the us military used to not be entirely cunty . it's true ; you really do catch more flies with honey , than vinegar .
2 i'm super embarrassed that you're a howard fan . you're giving us all bad names with your fucking nonsense	right , because klan leaders , " hateman " , wanting to kill all palestinians and insulting women's intelligence at every turn is a-ok for howard and his fans :/

1 mythbuster's jamie hyneman ran away from home at the age of 14 and then hitchhiked all over the us . after that he is now a certified diver , wilderness	i'm 30 , i think i'm going to run away from home !

1 it's only called an acronym when you pronounce the abbreviation as a real word ( ex . nasa ) . otherwise it is known as an initialism ( ex .	thank you for making a til that is useful .
2 so who here pronounces til as an acronym and who pronounces it as an initialism ?	i do both , but lean more towards initialism . in certain instances , " till " just sorta sounds funny to me .

1 anthony bourdain , after trying such delicacies as sheep testicle , seal eyeball , and cobra , said the most disgusting thing he's ever eaten was a chicken mcnugget .	mcnugget + sweet and sour sauce is fuckin amazing . only thing i'll eat from mcdonalds .
2 fuck s & s . hot mustard all day .	i don't know why they hate , cause you are 100 % correct . hot mustard is easy best sauce at mcd's
3 i'm against downvoting opinions , but it's just * objectively incorrect * that hot mustard tastes nicer than sweet and sour sauce .	i'm not gonna downvote anybody , but i agree completely . only psychopaths prefer mustard over sweet and sour . this is a fact , as i posted above .

1 when laura bush was 17 , she ran a stop sign and hit / killed her ex-boyfriend . she was not charged .	you don't watch enough family guy
2 laura bush killed a guy ... laura bush killed a guy ... * 3 minutes later * laura bush killed a guy ...	you think that's bad ? remember the time laura bush killed a guy ! ?

1 a 16 - year-old xhosa girl had a vision that to defeat the british soldiers the tribe should kill all the cattle and destroy the crops . tens of thousands	read the title wrong . i thought it meant destroy the british soldiers cattle and crops . " thats a sound plan i though . guerrilla warfare , destroy their
2 here's my favorite part : > the return of the ancestors was predicted to occur on 18 february 1857 . the xhosa heeded the demand to destroy food sources .	i think this might of been the largest mass winning of the darwin award in history .

1 kevin rudd was a house cleaner for laurie oakes while he was studying	looks like he's now a regular [ dota 2 player ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198088816817 ) on steam .

1 there is a completely unique english dialect spoken only on tangier island , virginia . it is said to be almost the same as when the island was settled in	how could anyone verify that the language / accent is unchanged ?

1 after nintendo won their 1985 case against universal studios over their game donkey kong , they thanked their attorney with a $ 30,000 sailboat named donkey kong and " exclusive	nintendo , of course , had no right to the trademark for sailboats .

1 director , robert rodriguez was commissioned to video tape his high school's football games but was promptly fired because he shot them " with a cinematic style , getting shots	says it all about robert rodriguez . pretentious prick .
2 says a lot about you as well . just sayin '	yes , it does . ( i've literally no idea whether to take that as an insult or a compliment . )
3 well , you just stumbled upon the foundation of communication theory . you cannot not communicate ; whatever you say or don't say , also says something about you .	i feel like stephen fry's scolding me :(

1 feminist activist gloria steinem was opposed to the release of the novel american psycho due to its portrayal of violence against women . years later , she married david bale	gloria steinem is christian bale's stepmother .

1 before realizing his true potential in comedy , will ferrell worked as a teller at wells fargo ; apparently he lost close to $ 600 in his first two days	it doesn't matter how amazing or smart you are ; somewhere , there is a job at which you will make a complete ass of yourself .
2 in my case a few jobs , i just deeply hope it isn't all jobs for me .	you are far from the only one with that fear .

1 when his mercury space capsule lost power , astronaut gordon cooper used a only a wristwatch , his knowledge of star patterns , and math estimations to correct the pitch	how'd he correct the pitch without power ?

1 einstein was stopped so much in public , he would reply , " pardon me , sorry ! always i am mistaken for professor einstein . "	when stopped so much in public , a man would reply " pardon me , sorry ! always i am mistaken for professor einstein . " that man ? albert

1 in 2008 drew brees led to league in passing touchdowns and yards while phillip rivers had the bets qbr but peyton manning won mvp	philip rivers led in passer rating . qbr wasn't a thing in 2008 ( and shouldn't be a thing now frankly ) .
2 peyton manning had 7tds and no ints in week 1 , yet he had the fourth best qbr that week . that's why it's a sham .	[ moreno had a qbr of 13.9 in 2009 , without attempting any passes ! ] ( http://espn.go.com/nfl/player/stats/_/id/12516/knowshon-moreno )

1 " the safety dance " is a protest against bouncers stopping dancers pogoing to 1980s new wave music in clubs when disco was dying and new wave was up and	we can dance if we want to ...

1 king charles ii ( charles the bad ) was unable to move , so his doctors ordered him wrapped in linen that had been soaked in brandy . a servant	" good god , i set the king on fire ! better run away without telling anyone ! "
2 " wait . no , i should run into the courtyard below , and loudly scream that i accidently - got to make sure i emphasize that part - set	in those days , just blame a witch . point at a random female servant , and you are free to go .
3 people weren't actually that stupid in the 14th century , sorry .	i think it was a joke

1 over 90 % of fetuses diagnosed with down's syndrome in the uk are terminated .	callous , yes . but eminently practical : * the kids themselves never knew they weren't born . * replaces long-term medical costs with a single , cheap procedure (
2 > the kids themselves never knew they weren't born . dead people don't know they're dead .	correct . your point ?
3 the point is that's a terrible justification . you could use the same justification for killing anyone or anything .	no , because they were actually alive and sentient some point .

1 the creator of cowboy bebop was told to make a show to sell spaceship toys , with the instructions , " so long as there's a spaceship in it ,	damn i wish i had a japanese name so bad . so cool .
2 just change your name to goku d . naruto	what's the " d " stand for ?
3 it's like monkey d . luffy , from one piece	haha , i thought it was an initial d reference ... one piece is cool , too .

1 the boring , monotone lecture ben stein delivers in ferris bueller was originally meant to be off-camera , but the student extras laughed so hard at his voice that john	ben stein is a terrible economist and has a lot to do with the problems of today .
2 indeed - - [ here's a good example ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1G0tfb8ZefA ) .	peter schiff is your typical broken clock . he seems like a genius on the eve of the great recession , but he still keeps parroting the same bearish stuff
3 > even as the economy recovers . a recovery based on free money ( for the rich ) and astonishing levels of debt . i'd give it a few years	well that by definition would make him a broken clock . he's a permabear who's only right when there are recessions , which are just a part of the business

1 german was the second largest spoken language in the u . s . before it was forcibly oppressed during the first world war . americans with german ancestry , are	both paternal g-g-grandfathers came from germany to texas . both promptly outlawed the speaking of german in their home . from family history , i don't think it was particularly

1 about one of the strangest games ever played .	please tell me someone has this game on film .
2 yes , i've seem it before on various footballing dvds edit : [ found it ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ThpYsN-4p7w )	... but it doesn't show the bit we all want to see .
3 [ check out this clip , from about 55 seconds onwards ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zokUPp_nj_c&feature=related ) . it's a similar situation , with the team in red ( thailand ) actively	and both team lost in the semis . i see a pattern here .

1 singapore has the world's highest percentage of millionaires , with one out of every six households having at least $ 1,000 , 000 us dollars in disposable wealth .	unfortunately , according to a recent poll , singaporeans rank among the unhappiest people in the world .
2 xenophobia !	xenophobia on my part ? no , no , no the happiness index interviews natives of the country . the singaporeans themselves report the lowest levels of happiness among almost

1 , brian banks did 5 yrs in jail after a high school girl falsely accused him of rape . she also sued the school district & won $ 1.5 m	she should be charged with " false imprisonment and abduction , five years " which should give her a life sentence in jail .
2 she didn't put him in jail , the state did .	pretty sure her false accusation put him in jail . get out of here .
3 if you are insinuating she should be charged with kidnapping you dont get how the law works .	she knew what would happen though . it wasn't kidnapping , but she is very much so responsible for the fact that he went to prison .

1 willy wonka and the chocolate factory was a box office failure because mothers thought the lessons were " too cruel " for children to understand	that could have been one of the reasons , but not the only one . i only know that now , it has a strong following , forty years later

1 johnny depp , jude law , and colin farrell gave their entire salaries from the movie " the imaginarium of doctor parnassius " to heath ledger's daughter .	this was my first ever post on reddit almost over a year ago , when i had no idea how it really worked . it also made the front page

1 even al-qaeda had denounced the actions of isis as anti-islamic	power mongers manufacture and weaponize religion , exploit media , denounce one another . learn about this shocking development tonight at 2500 years ago .

1 there are 4 states that ban billboards - hawaii , alaska , vermont and maine .	at this point , i'd be happy if they just banned those super bright flashing bitmap display billboards . there's one near me , and sometimes if i'm coming home

1 termites are being researched as a possible renewable energy source as they can produce up to 2 litres of hydrogen from ingesting a single sheet of paper , making them	don't get too excited . i first read about this 5 years ago and there's still not a whole lot to show for it .
2 what's the problem with that hydrogen will always be the fuel of the future !	hydrogen fuel is not feasible until someone figures out how to store it for everyday use
3 apparently as paper plus termite .	oh man . if there were a small termite farm in my phone and you just sort of stuffed sticky notes and things to be shredded in there every so

1 when colonel robert gould shaw , commander of the all-black 54th regiment during the american civil war , died at fort wagner , he was stripped and buried with his	you should watch the movie glory with matthew broderick . it is the story of the 54th . really a powerful movie .
2 i think that movie has one of the best endings in any movie ever ... of all time .	definitely . i'm not a fan of flag-waving patriotism , but the [ attack on ft . wagner ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-NYB67m1ccg&t=4m0s ) chokes me up every time . i always
3 it has long since been reclaimed by the ocean , along with all of those whose final resting place was there as well ... the entire tip of the island	do remains wash up on the shore ? just curious .

1 ticketmaster was investigated by the doj for anticompetitive business practices . the investigation abruptly ended when ticketmaster hired a firm whose former partners occupied top posts in the doj's antitrust	one more example of the revolving door where the regulators join the companies they are required to ' regulate ' . crony capitalism all over .

1 during renovations in the 1990s , paisley abbey in scotland replaced 12 of its gargoyles . one of them was purposely shaped like a xenomorph from the movie alien .	wow , how was this even possible ? my life will never be the same .

1 all british tanks have tea-making facilities onboard .	if you read the rest of the sentence , you'll see they aren't specifically tea making facilities but can be used as such . they're supposed to be used for
2 what happens when they have to piss or shit ?	gun barrow downwards ... let gravity do its work .

1 at it's top speed ( 253.81 mph ) , the bugatti veyron consumes as much oxygen in one minute as a human breathes in four days	i just watched the episode an hour ago . james may said the bugatti test driver got up to 267mph or something .

1 a japanese scientist made a replica of tokyo using oat flakes to represent population centers and bright light to represent mountains , water , and other obstacles on a dish	so it connected the dots that he laid out . shouldn't this result have been incredibly and stupidly obvious ? of course it's going to take the most efficient route
2 you do realize that efficient network design is more than connecting dots right ? there are countless permutations of how this network could have been designed , yet this mindless	isn't the point that we take it for granted that the mold will pick the best solution , and that it turns out that japan's engineers were in fact successful

1 the character of the janitor in scrubs was originally intended to just be a figment of jd's imagination .	re watch the first season now , and you can tell .
2 i've spent the past few days rewatching scrubs on netflix . definitely payed attention to it after i learned this . he doesn't really talk to anyone but jd ,	i listened to a commentary once where they talked about it . when they got picked up for a second season neil flynn asked bill lawrence if he could talk

1 fiji water ran ad stating , " the label says fiji because it's not bottled in cleveland " . cleveland water dept responded by running tests comparing a bottle of	i had a friend in nashville who worked for the water department . he said that drinking water in the us is consistently some of the cleanest water you'll find
2 go to dc the tap there tastes like sand	i live on the outskirts of dc . i'm not sure where my water comes from but it tastes fine to me . of course i have a very undiscriminating

1 mother teresa's supposed " miracle cure " of a woman's abdominal tumor was not a miracle at all . the patient's doctors and husband said she was cured because she	damn ! another icon bites the dust . just read a post slamming einstein , edison and earhart . i can't say whether tesla got some shit slung at him
2 don't believe everything you read on the internet . if one book by christopher hitchens and a bunch of teenagers on a web forum are enough to negate mountains of	you know fox news is considered mainstream media , right ?

1 ear cropping on dogs is legal in the united states .	i didn't even know this was an issue with a lot of people .

1 while casting " die hard " the studio did not have faith in willis ' action star appeal , as at the time he was known for his comedic role	i thought he was exceptional in the jackyl . he played the emotioness killer very well .

1 it is illegal in many countries to perform surgical procedures on an octopus without anesthesia due to their intelligence	http://www.nocirc.org/symposia/second/chamberlain.html

1 a massachusetts court ruled that a sandwich must contain two slices of bread , thus legally barring tacos , burritos , and quesadillas from being called " sandwiches . "	doesn't the court have much more important things to be ruling

1 in the film ' thank you for smoking ' , none of the characters are ever seen smoking .	solid movie . the dialog is top notch .
2 it somehow managed to be action-packed with only talking . i fucking love that movie . and i love how there is no clear-cut villain . i avoided it because	why the fuck is lurker getting voted down to hell ?

1 comedian rodney dangerfield's last words were a one-liner about how long he would be hospitalized for the heart-valve replacement surgery which ended with his death : " if all goes	he gets no respect i tell ya

1 the uniforms worn by the alliance on firefly are leftover costumes from starship troopers .	[ citation needed ]

1 vlc media player uses a traffic cone as it's logo because the students who created the program had a traffic cone collection .	vlc - very large cone
2 i always assumed it meant it was still in development , as in " under construction " like websites from the 90s .	the best 90 ' s under construction pages had the super-sped-up gifs of stick figures shoveling ... oh the memories
3 and [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/2HtuvKx ) at the bottom ... so you knew it was gonna be a super rad site .	i literally just saw that gif on an official government site the other day . amazing . [ found it ] ( http://starpas.azcc.gov/scripts/cgiip.exe/WService=wsbroker1/main.p )

1 pistol dueling with wax bullets was a popular pastime in the early 20th century and even featured as a sport in the 1908 summer olympics	wax bullet to philosophy in 12 clicks

1 a person's perception of time tends to speed up with age .	worse yet there may be no upper limit to it . if we were to ' cure ' aging , the mind's perception of time may be so convoluted that

1 gary busey is the way he is because of a serious brain injury from a serious motorcycle accident .	he also is adamantly ' anti helmet-laws ' . which i guess i am too , though i wouldn't be caught riding without one , i just think the world

1 there are documents that state that pope pius xii tried to perform an exorcism on hitler at a distance , but failed .	interesting fact : the only nazi party member to be excommunicated was goebbels . because he married a protestant .
2 another interesting fact : hitler was the time magazine person of the year in 1938 and was nominated for nobel peace prize in 1939 .	> adolf hitler was nominated once in 1939 . incredulous though it may seem today , the nazi dictator adolf hitler was nominated for the nobel peace prize in 1939
3 that copout would be more believable if he had not become time magazine person of the year ... but maybe 4chan voted for hitler just for the lulz back then	i don't see the connection between the nobel peace prize and time .

1 in 1943 packard motors promoted 3 blacks to work next to whites on the assembly line causing 25,000 workers to walk off the job .	just a thought , but media coverage of a sign like this could have been easily fabricated and spread throughout a region , especially back then .

1 some people can " flex " muscles in their inner ears to produce a low rumbling sound	i can do this !

1 the ceo of susan g . komen for the cure makes nearly $ 700k a year , about 25 % more than other non-profits of comparible size , while only	and that's why i do not support that organization .
2 people look at me like a monster when i tell them this , but it's a really shitty , exploitive organization . they're currently suing other charities that use the	i can understand the pink ribbons , but how can anyone sue over the word cure ? i can't imagine that they could win a lawsuit over the word cure
3 crazier things have happened , like apple with rounded squares , or the letter of the alphabet i .	i've been waiting for hp to make use of their compaq ip and bring back the ipaq . they could totally destroy apple in court .

1 the word " ewok " is never spoken by anyone in return of the jedi . mind blown .	i hate niggers
2 * no ... i am your father . *	no the emphasis is on the " i " not the " am "
3 it's so hard emphasizing i in text .. infuriating .	italics ?

1 henry ford tripled his employees salary to increase employee productivity .	was that before or after the workers complained they couldn't keep up with the speed of the assembly line , so he sped it up , and fired anyone who
2 this . it was merely a measure to counter the attrition that resulted from the hardships of working the assembly line . he realized it would cost more ( in	i wish my work would realize this . we turn over new people like cattle

1 bill paxton is the only actor to be killed by a terminator , alien and predator .	he is also " killed " again by arnold in true lies during his day dream
2 an ass like a 10 year old boy !	" i've got a little dick . it's pathetic , really . "

1 mary-kate olsen refused to speak to authorities about the death of heath ledger without the promise of legal immunity	it's understandable with america's sensational media . the media loves giving americans someone to blame and i can picture nancy grace rallying a witch hunt for her ratings . if
2 yes . and as it turned out , police wanted to talk to her because the masseuse that found heath dead dialed mary-kate from his speed dial before calling the	was she banging heath or something ?
3 i'm pretty sure they were just friends , and she happened to be close with him at the time of his death . like if adam scott died and you	the darkest timeline

1 april 16 , 2016 will be the 500 year anniversary of bavaria adopting the reinheitsgebot . it is a law that said that the only ingredients that could be used	reinheitsgebot : stifling innovation in bavarian brewing since 1516 !

1 the late-president of the university of california described the three purposes of a university are " to provide sex for the students , sports for the alumni , and parking	man , i must be missing all of that sex my school has been giving out or something ...

1 in 2012 , ty warner ( owner of beanie babies ) stopped a woman and asked for directions in santa barbara , calif . the woman was trying to raise	totally serious question : what the hell happened to the word " gave ? " it's like i woke up one morning and everybody just * forgot * about it

1 vin diesel began his acting career when he and his friends broke into a local theater with intent to vandalize . instead of calling the police on him , the	you hear about people breaking into show business , but you don't think it really happens .
2 why is it that the hidden comments are always the best and the top comment is always some shitty fucking pun ?	the top comment * and * puns are both plays on words .

1 when einstein was told of the publication of a book entitled , ' 100 authors against einstein ' , he replied : " why one hundred ? if i were	this is great ; it doesn't surprise me coming from the same man who said , " no amount of experimentation can ever prove me right ; a single experiment

1 all diamonds are slowly disintegrating into graphite ( at stp )	well , it looksh like diamondsh ... aren't forever after all .
2 i smell a lawsuit .	* i shmell a lawshoot .

1 poet stanislaw jerzy lec survived a german concentration camp by killing his guard with a shovel that was given to him to dig his own grave - and then escaping	so the indiana jones trick , of beating the hell of a nazi and stealing the uniform actually works .. hmmm interesting ...
2 why are you using word nazi ? there is no country or nationality named that . germans they were germans . not some out of nowhere nazis .	bc in two separate films indy takes the uniform from a nazi soldier ? ...
3 german soldier , not nazi soldier . there never was nazi nationality . they were germans ffs .	you sound like a grammar nazi .

1 keira knightley played the role of sabé , the handmaiden of queen amidala ( natalie portman ) in star wars : episode 1 . the two girls looked so alike	i have a coworker who , up until a couple months ago , was convinced that keira knightley and natalie portman were the same woman .
2 it's weird , they don't look that similar in my head . i guess it's because i've seen them both in several films so i'm quite familiar with how they	me too , i definitely see the resemblance , but they don't look identical like reddit seems to think they do .

1 ben johnson , former 100m world record holder later found guilty of doping , was unable to outsprint a thief who stole his wallet in rome	you almost feel bad for the man . almost
2 i feel bad for him knowing that the us track team admitted spiking his water with the same drugs he tested positive for .	? ? ?

1 the infinite monkey theorem , stating that monkeys with typewriters and enough time could produce the entire works of shakespeare , has been tried out in real life . they	why the hell were they given a rock ?
2 that's the real question here .	or how did they manage to change the paper several times ?

1 mormons believe that the garden of eden was located in jackson county , missouri .	actually that's incorrect . as a mormon , i can say that's not right . they believe that's where the kingdom is meant to be built . but it is
2 you are a nut . no one but mormons care about a meaningless distinction .	meaningless distinction ? are you stupid or something ? how is the distinction of one religion that believes in monogamy and one that believes in polygamy meaningless ?
3 how many chicks can you stick your prick in at once ?	the hell does that have anything to do with the conversation ? besides , i wouldn't want to make you jealous .

1 arizona legislators hired a prostitute to distract a colleague from voting against a bill making phoenix the capital . that night she swallowed his glass eye , without which he	at first read i thought this happened recently and was not surprised in the slightest .

1 while nazis killed 6 million jews in ww2 , the imperial japanese slaughtered at least 23 million chinese	the germans also killed ~ 30 million soviets , but no one seems to remember that ...
2 plus an additional 6 million in concentration camps e . g . gypsies , homosexuals , mentally and physically handicapped .	poles and other slavs as well . plus their ustashe allies killed a great number of serbs , in such a way that the nazis were disgusted .
3 > ... in such a way that the nazis were disgusted . please explain , what could horrify nazis ? that sounds like some messed up stuff .	some [ quotes ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Usta%C5%A1e#Usta.C5.A1e_Militia ) regarding the viciousness of the ustashe , from the germans .

1 johnny knoxville is the result of " significant inbreeding " . this was discovered by a genealogist he himself hired .	no wonder ...

1 the 2008 constitution of ecuador recognized nature as an entity with legally enforceable rights , making it the first country in the world to do so .	as an ecuadorian living in ecuador i can say that this attempt to protect nature through the constitution has raised the ecological awareness here a lot , but obviously it

1 every rubik's cube can be solved within 20 moves .	/ r / cubers is a great subreddit to learn more about cubing ! my best speed solve is 52 seconds ... and i am probably one of the slowest

1 in 1992 , police in greensboro , north carolina told the management of a local retailer that they would no longer respond to any emergency calls at the store unless	this article is the featured page on the wikidroid app . nice find ...

1 tickling was a form of torture used in ancient china on nobility because it left no mark and recovery was quick .	tickling is the most under-rated form of torture . in my experience it has a 100 % success rate .

1 between contemplating suicide and undergoing surgery with a 50 % chance of death actor christopher reeves was interrupted by robin williams disguised as a doctor claiming he was to give	dae have to read the title like 3 times to figure out wtf it said ?

1 an experiment gave mice a utopia with social roles to all , no predators and unlimited food . after population boomed reproduction gradually stopped , they became aggressive , isolated	this might be already happening in japan ! https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Herbivore_men
2 on reddit they're just called neckbeards .	i've never seen a japanese with a neck beard .
3 i saw a japanese kid with what i can only describe as a hybrid bowlcut / mullet .	kid gohan ?

1 a " butt " was a medieval unit of measure for wine . technically , a buttload of wine is about 475 liters , or 126 gallons .	and an ' assload ' is the average maximum load that a donkey can carry .
2 who do you think you are ? my kids use reddit okay you just cant come up on here and start using swear words like that ! listen im an	brave level : * so *

1 the comedy film my cousin vinny is often praised by lawyers due to its accurate depiction of courtroom procedure , something very rare in films which portray trials . it	yup , watched it in evidence . yup , 5 years in as a lawyer can confirm . great movie too .

1 the president of the university of oregon missed out on having " the graduate " filmed at the school in 1967 . not wanting to make the same mistake again	hell yeah . oregon ! woooooooooo . go ducks .
2 obligatory " oh hey that's my school " quack here .	oh hey , me too .

1 it is illegal in many countries to perform surgical procedures on an octopus without anesthesia due to their intelligence	is this an issue that comes up a lot ? who is operating on octopi ?

1 : the leader of the church of scientology served as tom cruise's best man at his wedding and his own wife disappeared in 2007 after she " filled several job	i just watched going clear last night . i seriously had no idea what scientologists believed in . i am loyal to no religions , but how the fuck do
2 it's a gradual process . once you're comitted to becoming superhuman and donating huge amounts of money , then they spring the bullshit . think of it like wow .	that's pretty much the main reason i quit . there were other reasons , but that was a big one .

1 : fry ( futurama ) , stimpy ( ren & stimpy ) , the honey nut cheerios bee , and the red m & m are all voiced by the	actors have multiple roles , huh ?

1 mr . t single-handedly chopped down 70 trees in under 4 hours while in the military	that's one tree every 3.428 minutes .

1 the last manager to lead a team other than celtic or rangers to become champions of scotland : alex ferguson , with aberdeen in 1985 .	i don't mean to be a prick , but you learned this today ? where did you think he got famous ?

1 the military word " mayday " meaning " emergency " comes from the identically pronounced french phrase " m'aidez " , meaning " help me " .	it isn't pronounced identically .
2 if it was french would sound like texans trying to speak french .	i have known quite a few texans who spoke french . most of them were cajuns so they spoke it quite well .

1 pioneer one episode 2 is out ! for those who don't know , this is a bittorrent only scifi series .	got to be better than watching sy-fy . i'll save this and see where it goes . thanks !
2 get rid of tv , save hundreds of dollars a year .	i'm seriously thinking about it .

1 the dc snipers planned to kill 6 white people a day for 30 days at predetermined destinations , but plans were hindered by traffic .	racist bastards .

1 keynes literally suggested the government bury money and let the unemployed dig it up to eliminate unemployment .	bad use of " literally "
2 i suppose you'd prefer this : " til keynes suggested the government literally bury money and let the unemployed dig it up to eliminate unemployment . "	no , just get rid of it . it oversimplifies .

1 tycho brahe had a tame elk . it died by drinking too much beer at a dinner and falling down some stairs .	why don't people do shit like this anymore ?

1 french and italian have a lexical similarity ( the degree of similarity between two languages ) rating of . 89 , and generally languages are considered dialects if the similarity	i'm french and i can't understand italian at all .
2 é perché non sei italiano se tu fossi italiano tutto sarebbe più facile	as some one who speaks french , i can read that no problem .
3 too bad it's written down wrong :D the right way is " se tu fossi italiano , sarebbe molto più facile . " the way it is written right now	at least in italian , " everything " is often used to mean " everything we are talking about " , not " everything in life " .

1 edge of tomorrow , adapted from all you need is kill by hiroshi sakurazaka , who was inspired from his experience from playing video games ; when getting stuck on	darksouls 101

1 ol ' dirty bastard was the first person convicted under a california law making it illegal for a convicted felon to wear a bulletproof vest .	would be funnier if he ended up being shot to death in cali dying from a bullet to the chest . oh the irony sigh but too bad so sad

1 jehovah's witnesses have falsely predicted the end of the world 20 times .	google ' millerites '

1 : in 2011 drug cartel kidnapped hundreds of innocent bus passengers in mexico and made them fight to death like gladiators . the winners were sent on suicide missions	mandingo 2 : mexican boogaloo

1 during the siege of leningrad in wwii , 9 soviet scientists died of starvation while protecting the world's largest seed bank , refusing to eat what they saw as their	there was an episode about this on that show dark matters on the science channel .

1 in 2013 a heatwave of 86 ° f killed 760 people in britain .	before the inevitable ' that's not even hot compared to where i live ' comments : 1 . we have no air conditioning - only 0.5 % of houses and
2 and we generally don't know how to handle ourselves in hot weather . we spend most of the year preparing for cold weather that when the sun comes it's like	and people make fun of the southern us for not knowing what to do with snow and ice .
3 oh the uk can't deal with that either .	you're right - the uk has a very temperate climate meaning it doesn't get too cold in winter and doesn't get too hot in summer . there are rarely extremes

1 in 1974 egyptologists observed ramesses ii's mummy's condition was rapidly deteriorating and flew it to paris for examination . he was issued an egyptian passport that listed his occupation as	compare modern day ' honours befitting a king ' to egyptian equivalent and really they may as well have just gone with easy jet and a taxi to the museum

1 president eisenhower predicted holocaust deniers , so he ordered pictures be taken of concentration camps .	i wonder what changed after the évian conference , where no western countries volunteered to provide refuge for the jews in nazi germany . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Évian_Conference

1 diane fossey was " a racist alcoholic who regarded her gorillas as better than the african people who lived around them . "	misleading

1 the municipal government of paris passed a resolution to prohibit tom cruise from becoming an honorary citizen of the city .	... you can become a citizen of a city ?

1 , brian banks did 5 yrs in jail after a high school girl falsely accused him of rape . she also sued the school district & won $ 1.5 m	this is why we have a huge rape crisis and many victims don't come forward because we have total shitbags that sometimes make them up and ruin it for everyone
2 that's such a fallacy , it does nothing for people coming forward or not coming forward . they're believed regardless thanks to feminism .	they're not at all actually . google " why don't rape victims come forward "

1 the pilot episode of an offshoot of the x-files called the lone gunmen featured its heroes racing to stop a plane getting hijacked by govt agents and flown into the	if a presidential candidate ran on the platform of " i will reveal all secret government facts about all conspiracy theories " i would vote for them in a heartbeat
2 except he or she would never make it that far , and we all know it	i think bill hicks said it pretty well in one of his jokes ; http://youtu.be/NPTJXdBBrcU

1 while nazis killed 6 million jews in ww2 , the imperial japanese slaughtered at least 23 million chinese	there is still animosity between the chinese and japanese for good reason , its a pretty dark and bloody history . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rape_of_Nanking
2 and the koreans hate both of them .	really ? there seems to be way less animosity between koreans and chinese .
3 spent 10 years in china , a lot of chinese hate the koreans and vice versa . people talk about the rising power of asia but i can't see asia	or just a billion chinese and a handful of nukes ...

1 mayim bialik ( amy fowler from the big bang theory ) has a phd in neuroscience but is also anti-vaccine	phd does not mean md . you can be educated and still be unintelligent .
2 it entirely depends on the phd , if it was in virology they would be considerably more educated on the subject than an md .	very true .

1 one of the final scenes from how i met your mother in which the mother appears was filmed years ago and only a few people actually know who she is	[ it's unimportant ] ( http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/3orvca/ )

1 the thing video game released in 2002 is considered the canonical sequel to the 1982 film and explains what happens to childs and macready .	shit wish i'd played that game now

1 mike myers was sued by universal pictures for $ 3.8 million for backing out of a contract for a feature film . myers said he refused to honour the $	making the love guru was so much wiser a choice .
2 actually this was in 2000 and it appears he [ made shrek instead ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mike_Myers#Film ) so yes a wiser choice . he obviouslly lost this objectivity later on	... and he only lucked into shrek because chris farley died . i've always wondered how that franchise would have been differently with farley as shrek .

1 the original world trade center towers were designed to withstand the impact of a boeing 707	one of the things i find funny about the " experts " who say the planes couldn't have brought down the towers is that they are basing their theories off
2 well , to be fair , it's not implausible for the people in the government to stage something like this for their own ends . it's happened before and it'll	i don't think the government really cares about 6000 people's lives , as bad as that sounds , it's not really a very large amount of people .

1 wd - 40 is not patent protected . this avoids completely disclosing its ingredients , making it harder for companies to mimic .	hey there , i'm john barry's grandson , i was born and raised in san diego and my dad has worked at the company ( in the picture ) for
2 2 grandsons of john barry's in the same thread ? [ which one of you is lying ? ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/yfeuf/til_that_wd40_is_not_patent_protected_this_avoids/c5v49bo )	neither , apparently .

1 because a large number of black males are unable to shave without severe irritation , domino's was found in violation of the 1991 civil rights act by requiring all their	as a white male with curly hair i have the same problem . check out the product tend skin , you apply it after shaving and it works super well
2 natural remedy is witch hazel . trust me , solves a lot of problems .	i use witch hazel as my after shave , great stuff .

1 christian , judaic , and islamic texts all ban interest on loans	the reason jews have gotten the reputation for being money hoarders , etc . was because in medieval europe , it was illegal for any christians to make money from
2 not entirely accurate . early medieval europe ( ~ 1000ad ) had christian lenders as well . the knights templar side stepped christian law by retaining rights to the production	the meddici pope . lol the begining of of christian capitalism and the mafia .
3 one in the same , buddy . one in the same .	one * and * the same .

1 the united states is the only country to currently have minors serving sentences of life imprisonment without parole , despite being a signatory to international treaties banning the practice .	age is an arbitrary number . so people who are 16 have the thought processes of an adult . having a blanket cut-off age is stupid .

1 : the shawshank redemption was a box office flop .	family guy - shawshank scene : http://youtu.be/nG4NYnQ4Q_M

1 in japan , houses depreciate like cars , and after as little as 20 years are considered worthless enough to be demolished and replaced .	they should tear majority of houses in nyc down then if the same logic applies here ... some of these apts are just ... barely live-able ...

1 there is a beer pipeline in germany	america is trying to make their own : the keystone xl . edit : ok guys , i understand now that this project is owned by a canadian company .

1 actor and comedian rob riggle was a marine for 23 years , was a lieutenant colonel , and has received a combat award for his service in kosovo , afghanistan	also a ku graduate ! !

1 quebec french uses religious objects for profanity .	criss de tabarnak d'ostie de calice

1 one of the seven wonders of the world , the temple of artemis , was burned down by a man just looking to become famous . in response it was	i remember a guy doing this at burning man in 07 . wanted to make a statement by burning down the man early .

1 : many of the most badass lines in the movie 300 were real historical quotes ; and that dry , blunt wit has been named after that region of grece	those crazy greks

1 in 1958 a cessna was flown continually for over two months , refueled via truck matching its speed on a desert highway	why ?

1 paul mccartney dreamed the melody of " yesterday " one night and immediately wrote the music the next morning . he then looked around for a month to find out	as a guy who fiddles around writing music occasionally , you have no idea how awful it feels to have written something then think " hold on , is this
2 if you haven't already read it , please read the short story " melancholy elephants " by spider robinson . it deals with the effects of perpetual copyrights and longevity	in all honesty i found this really average

1 one of frank abagnale's ( catch me if you can ) first cons was to buy a security guard costume , and place a sign over a bank drop box	huh , looks like mr . wednesday stole that trick from a mere mortal .
2 for anyone not in on the reference , the character mr . wednesday is from neil gaiman's * american gods * and it comes highly recommended .	seasons of mist will forever be neil's best work in my eyes .

1 when john hinckley attempted to assassinate ronald reagan , all of his shots initially missed the president ; however , a bullet ricocheted off the bullet-proof presidential vehicle and struck	that title was a mouthful

1 jehovah's witnesses have falsely predicted the end of the world 20 times .	if you really wanna throw them for a loop , ask how many people the jws believe get into heaven . then ask how many jw members there are .
2 after a pinch of research . allowed into heaven : * * 144,000 * * - - - total members in jw : * * 7,960 , 000 * *	" did you hear ? i'm in the top 2 % of jw's ! " " still not good enough . "

1 in 2000 , people magazine voted neil degrasse tyson " sexiest astrophysicist alive . "	hang on a minute ... i didn't even get an application for the contest . not fair . i probably would have lost , but at least i coulda been

1 matt damon and ben affleck inserted an oral sex scene between the two professors in good will hunting to see which studio executives actually read the script . harvey weinstein	looks like they took a page from van halens playbook on brown m & ms in their contract riders .

1 heriberto lazcano lazcano , the leader of the loz zetas cartel , the second largest and often considered the most dangerous drug cartel in mexico , started out an elite	why would you not fear him ? his last name could be short for * * * lazer-cannon * * * .
2 * twice * .	the english translation of his name is actually herbert * pew-pew . *
3 i hope others will recognize the sheer brilliance of your comment .	looks like they did .

1 al queda's strategy involved specifically using terrorism to provoke the west into long wars in numerous places that would lead to its financial collapse .	sounds like they are trying to make themselves seem smarter than they actually are .
2 yeah , they came up with their strategy years after we'd already invaded iraq . seems like they're just trying to retcon their strategy to make it seem like the	i'm playing the devil's advocate . would you tell other people , especially your enemy of your strategy before you executed it ? if the americans knew their strategy and
3 what the op describes is not a strategy . it's a goal . there is no reason to keep your goals a secret .	goal : to destroy the us strategy : by provoking them into a war that will drain them

1 bill nye holds a patent for ballet pointe shoes	i am predicting that this post will blow up and you'll receive massive karma . in turn , i'll be downvoted for posting irrelevant material .

1 research shows psilocybin mushrooms sends ocd and ocd-related clinical depression into complete remission . further studies by the imperial college london and johns hopkins school of medicine conclude , when	i smoked pot with johnny hopkins

1 there exists in ireland a small ethnic group of native irish that is so discriminated against that even the other irish hate them	becerfel ev ma daag .

1 tobias funke of arrested development almost guest starred on scrubs , but the plan fell through when ad was cancelled .	i heard that zach braff was a fan of ad , and floated the idea of tobias being on scrubs , but i haven't heard of anyone from ad commenting

1 in 1880 an australian outlaw and his gang smithed steel suits out of ploughshares and held off the victorian police with their bulletproof armour	i live around this area and i really hate the glamorisation of the kelly gang , in reality they were murders , thieves and the only reason they constructed their

1 stone temple pilots formed when singer scott weiland and guitarist rob dileo met at a concert . they began discussing their girlfriends and eventually realized they were both dating the	sounds like the plot to an indie film
2 starring mark duplass	" eskimo brothers "
3 written by jim rash .	just take my money .

1 the us postal service still uses mule trains to deliver to 2 places : supai and phantom ranch , arizona	i just stayed at phantom ranch a week ago . the mules are super cute !

1 : the earth is relatively smoother than a billiard ball	a meter is defined as 1/10 , 000,000 of the distance from the north pole to the equator
2 if you lived before 1983 ; now it's defined as being the distance that light travels in 1 / c seconds .	so , did the length really change , or did it just get more precise ?
3 that * * is * * the definition now . if the speed of light is found to be different , then the length of a meter will be adjusted	i guess what i'm really asking is , whats the difference in length between 1m and 1/10 , 000,000 of the distance from the north pole to the equator .

1 jehovah's witnesses have falsely predicted the end of the world 20 times .	awesome

1 singer chris brown appeared in court in 2012 with his lawyer regarding his probation after assaulting rihanna . brown attempted to address the court but was interrupted by his lawyer	i wonder if the lawyers wife sighed when he said " i dont dance "
2 he can dance if he wants to , he can leave his friends behind .	... i always wondered if there was an apostrophe between the " d " and the " s " in " friends " . i mean " leave your friend's

1 hershey's chocolate is flavored with sour-tasting butyric acid , which also gives vomit its aroma . this is why people unaccustomed to american chocolate sometimes compare it to vomit .	german here , can confirm . i came to america many years ago and was delighted to finally taste your chocolate , only to be shocked by its salty and

1 famous mathematician paul erdos was once challenged to quit taking amphetamines for one month by a concerned friend . he succeeded , but complained " you've showed me i'm not	fun fact 2 : he would work 18 hour days , just sitting at his desk doing maths for hours
2 hell , i'm considering a major in mathematics and i can't study the stuff for more than hour without a break .	sounds like you're not high enough
3 high on meth or high on math ?	one creates the other

1 leonardo dicaprio plans to remake the never ending story , set for release in 2014	god damn it ! no ! make something new for once

1 if a catholic priest reveals anything someone confessed to him for any reason at all , he is automatically excommunicated from the catholic church and can only be forgiven by	canon law is kind of involved , like any legal system . so , yeah , the priest would be automatically excommunicated , but , for example , the priest
2 no . this is wrong .	how ? i mean it's likely a gross simplification , but what part is " wrong " ?

1 one of the benefits of the popular classroom game ' heads up , seven up ' is that teachers may observe which students have a tendency to cheat .	yep , always used to look at their shoes through the crack of my elbow .

1 north korea has the 4th largest army , the largest special forces and the largest submarine fleet in the world .	saying that nk has the " largest submarine fleet in the world " is slightly misleading . they've purchased a number of outdated subs and use midget subs . it
2 no one thinks nk can win a war anymore . what they can do is cause millions of people to die before they lose .	millions is a little steep there champ ...
3 let's say they got a solid hit with a nuke on seoul . 10 million people there . let's say they only kill about 10 % with that solid hit	man ... you have absolutely no idea what you're talking about do you ?

1 the french military actually has the best military record in europe having won 132 of the 185 battles they fought in the last 800 years	thinking of it in terms of a military " record " is weird . makes me think there are military " seasons " that i should be looking forward to

1 charlie chaplin didn't think talking movies would last , telling a reporter he'd " give the talkies three years , that's all . "	... and where is charlie chaplin now ? that's right , he's dead .
2 we did it reddit !	i just finished fapping into a sock . what's we do ?

1 a shibboleth is a word that can only be said correctly by native speakers . during ww2 , american troops used the word " lollapalooza " to check unidentified people	scheveningen .
2 german night-time ?	dutch coastal town , who's name cam be used to identify germans . the dutch and german sch sounds are very different . the german sounds like sh , while

1 the song " bodies " ( a . k . a . " let the bodies hit the floor " ) by drowning pool was used during interrogations in the	if i'm correct it was also mixed in with the predator's scream and played during the battle of fallujah .

1 the nickname ' skip ' identifies someone who has the same first name as their grandparent but not their parent , essentially ' skipping ' a generation .	i'm skip

1 25 years ago on this day a us guided missile cruiser attacked a civillian iranian airliner killing all 290 passengers including 66 children . us government never apologised for this	former aegis weapon system computer networking technician here . fc2 ! i'm surprised aegis worked enough to actually fire a missile . must have been an old uyk - 4
2 so ... does aegis suck or something ? ...	yeah , they were supposed to upgrade to runic bulwark , but they were cheap bastards and forgot
3 the main difference being ? ...	increased maximum health

1 sean connery turned down the gandalf role in lord of the rings . " i read the book . i read the script . i saw the movie . i	not the sharpest tool in the shed .

1 cartoon network strongly defended aaron mcgruder when al sharpton called out the boondocks for it's portrayal of mlk jr .	sucks that they canceled this show . ( not over the mlk thing ) . i'd love to see it come back some day .
2 canceled ? cartoon network has the [ announced for season 4 ] ( http://www.adultswim.com/shows/the-boondocks/season-4/index.html ) on their website .	wow i'm so happy i scrolled down this far

1 indonesia realized dead manta rays are worth $ 500 whereas manta ray tourism brought in $ 1,000 , 000 over the life of a single ray . indonesia is now	i scuba with manta's in bali . paid a whole lot more to do it . 100 % worth it .

1 victor hugo once asked his publisher how his novel " les miserables " was doing with a telegram consisting only of " ? " . the publisher's response was "	victor's publisher is barney stinson

1 the grey affected roger ebert so much , he walked out of his next scheduled screening . " it was the first time i've ever walked out of a film	did anyone else see this movie in theatres ? i don't think i have ever been so scared watching a movie in my adult life ever , and i had

1 nokia made a handheld game console in 2003 , the n-gage . in the first two weeks , nokia claimed to have sold 400,000 units , but researchers later found	i bought an n-gage on the same receipt as superman 64 . http://imgur.com/QrJ4Y
2 [ oh , i've waited countless years for this day ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8cFUY.jpg ) [ proof . ] ( http://i.imgur.com/2Pjs8.jpg ) edit : proof added .	how was sonic n and tomb raider on that small screen ?
3 sonic n was pretty fun actually , tomb raider was tomb raider . the controls were horrible , and made worse by the key pad controls lol the only game	if i recall correctly , sonic n is just sonic advance 2 ported to the n-gage . also , tomb raider's controls are supposed to be " horrible , "

1 when harvey weinstein wanted to edit princess mononoke to make it more marketable its director , miyazaki , sent weinstein a katana with a message stating " no cuts .	what's a shame is that the movie was a box office flop in america , but i'm glad that they didn't butcher the movie to make it more appealing to
2 i remember the first time i popped this movie in . i had just watched howl's moving castle and was looking forward to more miyazaki magic . i thought it	ghibli don't mess around . it's crazy to think the same studio animated both ponyo and grave of the fireflies .

1 although pancreatic cancer is usually deadly , steve jobs had the one variety that's curable . but for nine months , he refused treatment and instead tried a vegan diet	my grandpa died of one of the incurable types of pancreatic cancer , to watch him wither away with in months of diagnosis was unbearable as a child . to

1 the name bruce wayne was inspired by anthony wayne , a member of the us house of representatives , and robert bruce , a scottish patriot and playboy	wheres rachel !

1 one of frank abagnale's ( catch me if you can ) first cons was to buy a security guard costume , and place a sign over a bank drop box	i have a good friend from mexico . he often says - ~ " never underestimate the power of a a mexican carrying a leaf blower . he / she
2 [ who are you ? ... the new gardener . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fVI_AZ1Og8M )	that guy kicks ass . i love the story he tells about his first acting job .

1 in the 1980s , the us navy believed a woman named dorothy to be at the center of a ring of homosexual military men , unaware that the term '	> in the early 1980s , the naval investigative service was investigating homosexuality in the chicago area . agents discovered that gay men sometimes referred to themselves as " friends
2 i'm more distressed that they actually - cared - about the names of gay service members .	it's not a secret that homosexuals have been oppressed . especially in the military .

1 when it was revealed that richard bachman was a pen name used by stephen king , about the author blurbs on the books said that bachman died suddenly of "	must have been his dark half .
2 haha , that's what i was thinking . i'm reading that right now , great book !	this made me want to read it again , i need to get back to some good old king work .

1 at the end of the vietnam war , the uss midway crew pushed $ 10mil of helicopters into the sea so that a cessna full of evacuees could land on	10mil < people . :-)

1 rick astley has earned almost no money from rickrolling , receiving only $ 12 in royalties .	really , becoming a meme doesn't instantly make checks appear in your mailbox ?

1 poet stanislaw jerzy lec survived a german concentration camp by killing his guard with a shovel that was given to him to dig his own grave - and then escaping	poland stronk .

1 there are only 5 countries in the world that still use fahrenheit to measure temperature , the bahamas , belize , the cayman islands , palau , and the united	coalition of the willing .

1 in 2003 dave grohl was on the top of the billboard modern rock chart for 17 of 18 successive weeks , as a member of three different groups	huh . i had forgotten courtney had released that missing nirvana song in the mid 2000 ' s .
2 which one ?	you know you're right

1 howard hughes bought an entire casino just so he could tear down their neon sign . visible from hughes ' bedroom , it apparently had kept him up at night	watch the aviator if you get a chance . leonard dicaprio plays a very exceptional howard hughes .
2 one of his best roles , imo .	didn't he win an oscar for it ?

1 most of the laugh tracks you hear on tv were recorded in the 1950s , which means a lot of the people you hear laughing are dead .	now that's funny .

1 frank herbert's " dune " was originally published by chilton , best known for their automotive repair manuals	you know how to use a chilton manual right ? it goes between the jack and the oil pan ...

1 einstein was stopped so much in public , he would reply , " pardon me , sorry ! always i am mistaken for professor einstein . "	so i'm walking my 7 year old son to swimming lessons at the local middle school . he sees a poster of einstein ( the one with his tongue sticking
2 i was hoping he'd ask if he was wicked smaht	only in maine , bub . this is totally a main'ah thing too ya boobs
3 but that's a boston accent ...	https://twitter.com/MaineMemes/status/477549321869467648 http://mainememes.com/2014/02/were-wicked-tough-bub/ http://100mainelakes.com/2012/07/24/wicked-good-maine-stuff-bub/

1 bill hader often breaks into laughter while performing " stefon " because snl writer john mulaney will change lines on him , leaving hader to read the outlandish jokes for	one of the things i love about bill hader is when he breaks character to laugh . the californians still cracks me up . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NbxihR3C-Hk
2 the californians is hands-down my favorite snl bit .	hmmm sean connery on snl bit would be up there .

1 when african-american former slave jordan anderson was asked to come back and work for his old master , he replied with a deadpan letter asking for 52 years ' back	cool repost .
2 ... you're the one that posted it !	nope , " postmodernpormetheus " vs . " postmodernprometheus "
3 * postmodernpromethius *	oh yeah sorry , i spelled it right by accident .

1 aztecs added hot chili peppers and other spices to chocolate for flavour . sugar was unknown to them .	although they did sometimes add honey and something called " ear flower , " which is apparently a lot like vanilla .

1 sean connery's real name is thomas	my friend richards ' name is dick .

1 lance armstrong owns a coffee shop called juan pelota cafe . juan is a homophone for " one " and " pelota " is spanish for ball .	lance armstrong owns a coffee shop ? sounds dope .
2 the coffee there is absolutely addictive , but he swears he doesn't put anything in it .	after 7 years of winning the title of best coffee shop he gives in and admits of putting stuff to make it better .

1 shakuntala devi , an indian mental calculator , was asked to give the 23rd root of a 201 - digit number ; she answered in 50 seconds . her answer	> she was asked to give the 23rd root of a 201 - digit number so they asked her to figure out , * in her head * , what
2 not to brag about my own mathematical prowess , but i once split a dinner bill ten-ways ( between myself and nine friends ) without using my iphone .	nice brag . anyone can divide by 10 . but having nine friends ! ? ! wow !

1 nestlé aggressively distributes free formula samples in developing countries till the supplementation has interfered with the mother's lactation . after that the family must continue to buy the formula since	this has been going on since this 70 ' s , at least . nestle is a disgusting piece of corporate work .

1 johnny depp , jude law , and colin farrell gave their entire salaries from the movie " the imaginarium of doctor parnassius " to heath ledger's daughter .	as though a little rich girl needed to be a little bit more richer . they receive no respect from me . real philanthropy hardly exists .

1 in order to advertise their services , prostitutes in ancient greece wore sandals that left the words " follow me " imprinted in the dirt as they walked .	sounds about right . adam followed eve and we all saw where that got em .

1 the drug cabergoline allows men to easily achieve multiple orgasms by inhibiting the hormone prolactin	often prescribed to dogs for phantom pregnancies as galastop . i don't know how it effects their sex life though .

1 " the confederate flag " never historically represented the confederate states of america as a country nor officially recognized as one of the national flags	what about the nation of people who like to jump cars over things ? ?

1 it is normal to have an erection for up to 3 and a half hours while you sleep	i guess that's why i've never rolled off my bed in my sleep .

1 a show based on the geico cavemen is listed as one of the 25 worst tv shows ever	[ the cinema snob talks about this show . ] ( http://www.thecinemasnob.com/dvd-r-hell/dvd-r-hell-cavemen )

1 gold can be created in a laboratory , but it is dangerously radioactive .	don't tell that to / r / lounge .
2 trust me they have been making gold for a while . .	actually , i do wonder how much irradiated gold is on the market . and if they ever check .

1 when genghis khan sent a trade caravan to the khwarezmid empire , the governor of one city seized it and killed the traders . genghis khan retaliated by invading the	he looks like such a nice guy in the picture .

1 george washington thought 40,000 people was too many for 1 congress member to represent and supported an alteration to reduce that number to 30,000 . today , each member of	ok , but if we had that proportion today the house of representatives would be made up of 10,000 people .
2 makes me think of the senate scene in one of the star wars prequels . the one where she's addressing a seemingly infinite number of people arranged around her in	ca ... can we make this happen ? please ?

1 when will ferrell was in college he would dress up as a janitor and walk into his friends ' classes .	will ferrell is not that funny ... zing *

1 jesus is mentioned more often in the quran than muhammad	of course . the quran is a compilation of what muhammad said . the quran is not a descriction of what muhammad did - that is what the hadith are

1 in some countries , octopuses must receive anesthesia before surgery because of their intelligence	: in some countries they operate on octopuses

1 the wrestler mick foley became a fan of tori amos in 1993 . after meeting her in 2008 , he got involved in a group she started to aid abused	mankind is really a kind man .

1 hydrofluoric acid can go through your skin unnoticed to react with your blood and cause cardiac arrest ...	it can also eat away at your bones . my boss told me he was in an incredible amount of pain for a week when he got a drop on

1 canada was the third country to go to space	canada has not however launched its own satellite using a home-built rocket . it was nasa who launched alouette 1 . indeed , [ france was the third country to
2 canada was the third nation to have a satellite in space may have been a better title . the spirit is much the same though . who transports an object	i don't agree : the difficult * bit is not building a satellite , but rather to build a launch vehicle reliable enough to get the satellite into orbit !

1 in the star wars universe , " spice " is actually drugs and han solo was a drug smuggler previous to meeting luke skywalker .	there's no way dune inspired that ...

1 although jews are only 3 % of the us population , they've won 27 % of all nobel prizes in science awarded to americans .	after reading the majority of these comments , it has just occurred to me why my grandmother constantly asks me " what's your job again ? "

1 666 is the sum of all the numbers on a roulette wheel	did you include 0 ?

1 e . t . , blade runner , star trek ii : the wrath of kahn , poltergeist , and the thing were all released on the same month and	very confused that the picture for this appeared to be of an egg poacher

1 the word " sniper " refers to a hunter skilled enough to shoot a snipe , a small and fast bird .	wait , a snipe exists ? i thought they were made up to get kids to go on a futile mission to catch one o . o
2 " heeeerrreeee snipey snipey , i've got some chocolateeee "	is that the korean version of the snipe hunt , the snipe huntee ?

1 there's a waterfall in minnesota that falls into a large hole made of rock ; scientists have tried ping pong balls and dye and still don't know where the water	what a great place to sacrifice a virgin .
2 that movie was surprisingly good .	it was good , but marketed horribly . the ads made it seem like the movie was all about how " hot " fox was , with sweet lesbo makeout
3 so what were the makeout scenes like ?	there was like 15 seconds of smooching .

1 a ca man driving in an hov lane claimed the articles of incorporation of his business , which had been placed unbuckled on the driver ’ s seat , constituted	so why when the letter of the law is in your favor can the court site common sense yet lock people up on technicalities clearly defying common sense

1 : 80 % of n . w . a . ' s straight outta compton sales were in the suburbs , beyond the boundaries of black neighborhoods .	a large majority of the us is suburbs . amazingly , compton only makes up a very small percentage of the us .
2 what does large majority even mean . if it's a majority it's larger than the others .	i don't see how you need this explained to you , but 51 % for example is a majority , but not a " large majority " .

1 : canadians eat more donuts per capita than any other country .	as a canadian living in the u . s . south , i am extremely frustrated that there is a tim horton's in the city where i live , but

1 the ' pool ' smell isn't chlorine . it is actually a chlorine compound called chloramine , which is created when chlorine combines with organic substances in the water .	it's also what you get from mixing bleach and ammonia , not phosgene or some other ridiculous chemical .

1 in 1914 henry ford doubled his worker's wages out of pocket , causing wages to rise competitively nation wide . he profited as sales increased now that many more americans	he also was a huge hitler supporter , and continued providing vehicles to the nazi regime even after the us entered the war . he used slave labor as workers

1 the " hokey pokey " was originally called " hokey cokey " and possibly inspired by canadian miners taking cocaine to cheer themselves up	that must be why so many limbs are being " shaken all about . " if you sing it with " pokey " it just sounds like a weird sex

1 the song ' louie louie ' was the subject of a 31 month fbi investigation for reports of explicit sexual lyrics . the fbi was ' unable to interpret any	i would love to hear a motorhead cover of this song .
2 not sure if you're being sarcastic but ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dvNKl2Kl4nU	i did not know this existed . thank you , sir .
3 neither did i , i was trying to figure out why the thumbnail was a motorhead album cover	i once saw a til about president eisenhower that had a weight loss model as the thumbnail so i just assumed it was an ad that reddit pulled and used

1 after the assassination of jfk , jackie kennedy refused to change out of " her gore-soaked pink chanel suit " during the inauguration of lbj .	not to be nit picky , but lbj didn't have to be inaugurated . upon president kennedy's death , as vice president , [ lyndon johnson became the president .
2 [ the most revealing wink of the 20th century ] ( http://www.rense.com/general41/wew.htm )	that is so terrible !

1 danny devito was the executive producer on pulp fiction	executive producers , in most cases , don't really do anything . most of the time they just have a monetary investment in the film .

1 titanic's fourth funnel was fake , added to make the ship look more powerful ( and symmetrical ) . a bit like putting a dummy exhaust on a car .	so does that mean the captain of the titanic , was the first ricer ?

1 bobby mcferrin--best known for his one-hit wonder " don't worry , be happy " - - is actually a classically-trained musician and was the creative chair of the st .	[ drive ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbHEHQQsjkQ ) is my favorite

1 joseph späh , an acrobat , survived the hindenburg crash by doing an acrobatic roll out one of the windows	guess i will no longer call bs when a rogue completely evades damage from a fireball .

1 time travel is technically possible	so - if i were to sit at the very tip of the north pole , minimizing my movement there for many years - would that make me travel "

1 eating the liver of a polar bear can lead to death by an overdose of vitamin a .	acquiring said liver is equally as dangerous .

1 the comedy film my cousin vinny is often praised by lawyers due to its accurate depiction of courtroom procedure , something very rare in films which portray trials . it	i can confirm . dad's a lawyer and has stated this many times , usually while we are watching a movie that has a courtroom which sometimes gets annoying .

1 while nazis killed 6 million jews in ww2 , the imperial japanese slaughtered at least 23 million chinese	as a history major , i hate so very much that this is a til ... people should already know this .
2 sorry but didn't you learn this for the first time at some point ?	yeah , but i was in middle school , or around that age , it's one of those things that the public school system really doesn't address .

1 there is a mutated gene in fruit flies which causes them to die in 2 days when infected by a certain bacteria . this gene is named kenny , after	[ my favorite gene ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sonic_hedgehog )

1 ghengis khan forbade the selling of women , theft of other's properties , decreed religious freedom , outlawed hunting during breeding seasons , and exempted the poor from taxation .	yeah he was a nice guy .

1 george foreman has 5 sons , all named george foreman .	george foreman has five men named for the aforementioned foreman of the foreman family .

1 howard hughes bought an entire casino just so he could tear down their neon sign . visible from hughes ' bedroom , it apparently had kept him up at night	just exhibit no . 1001 in things that made howard hughes weird .

1 a president of the united states and a vice president are speculated to have been in a homosexual relationship together .	clearly you are just trying to make us forget your extreme obesity , taft .
2 and you are just trying to distract us from your illegal genetic engineering .	i'll respond to those allegations after i become president .

1 the movie 2012 is illegal to own or view in north korea .	on a related note , food is illegal to own or consume in north korea .

1 in 2013 a heatwave of 86 ° f killed 760 people in britain .	global warming is fucking good for the economy .

1 david spade did not attend his close friend chris farley's funeral because he " could not be in a room where chris was in a box . "	i think david spade is totally underrated . he's really one of the best " dry , sarcastic dick " actors hollywood ever produced , but he still seems human

1 : ross perot hired a former us special forces colonel to bust two of his employees out of iranian jail shortly before the 1979 iranian revolution	classic ross the boss .

1 . cameron diaz advocates urinating outdoors or during a shower because it conserves electricity and water .	yes . this will surely save the environment . but on a serious not , i was shocked to learn that urinals use an entire gallon of water to flush
2 i always found that ridiculous as well . i think automatic flushers should flush after ever 5-10 uses . put one of those nice smelling cakes in it .	one of the reasons is actually that undiluted piss is bad for the plumbing .

1 in 1140 , when the weibertreu castle was defeated by king konrad iii , the women of the castle were granted free departure and allowed to take what they could	ha . i live 15 kilometers away from that castle . the wine from that city is perfect .

1 when a mother wrote to marvel that her deaf 4yo son won't wear his hearing aid on account that superheroes don't have to , marvel replied with a custom comic	i always believed people who made comics had to be amazing , but evidence is always nice .

1 both the united kingdom and canada have banned the westboro baptist church from entering their countries .	as a canadian , this brings joy to my heart
2 yes censorship , how heartwarming . edit : to those downvoting : i'm not suggesting the wbc is not full of a bunch of dumbf * cks . i am	sorry , what obligation does canada have to allow entry to non-citizens , and further , how is that censorship ?

1 the first emperor of china's tomb ( of terracotta army fame ) has not yet been explored . ancient historians wrote that the tomb contains rivers of mercury mechanically operated	> craftsmen were ordered to make crossbows and arrows primed to shoot at anyone who enters the tomb . mercury was used to simulate the hundred rivers , the yangtze
2 leeroyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy	jennnnnnnnnkiiiiiinnnnnnnnns

1 a man who was kept in a state mental hospital against his will for 15 years sued the state for loss of liberty . his case went all the way	we need to start treating mental illness like any other illness instead of treating it like a joke . a woman in the street with a broken arm would (
2 the problem is it's very hard to draw the line . what if the woman screaming at demons is articulate about the demons ? what if she's standing on a	exactly . what if they're drunk or high ?

1 patrick stewart , while he was going bald in his teens , believed no woman would ever be interested in him again , and gave up on the idea of	women will ride dick if connected to power
2 no .	" okay " , so you'd date a perpetually broke ambitionless sexgod ?

1 iron man three sets up the origin of man-thing	does this mean we'll get another [ howard the duck ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Howard_the_Duck ) movie ? he started out as a man-thing character .

1 the late , famed wrestler , verne gagne ' bodyslammed ' a fellow 97yr old resident in his nursing home and the resident died from his injuries - police ruled	dementia is ok , i thought you were going to say he was a retired cop as well .

1 the rothschilds had such an efficient system of couriers that they knew napoleon lost at waterloo a day before everyone else . nathan rothschild , in one of the most	this reminds me of the count of monte cristo where edmund has a semaphore operator bribed into sending wrong information to danglars , who then effectively gambles away his entire

1 spaghetti marinara wasn't invented until the new world was discovered , since tomatoes came from the aztecs . before that , pasta was eaten plain with no sauce ... with	not true . rare downvote . sorry .

1 roger ebert said the 2004 film national treasure was " so silly that the monty python version could use the same screenplay , line for line . "	really want national treasure 3 to be made

1 in the process of trying to catch serial killer andrei chikatilo , soviet police ended up solving more than 1000 unrelated crimes , including 95 murders and 245 rapes .	if you think this is interesting i would recommend reading the book based on it called child 44 . it really illustrates the fear and the power the soviet union
2 non-mobile : [ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Child_44 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Child_44 ) ^ that's ^ why ^ i'm ^ here , ^ i ^ don't ^ judge ^ you . ^ pm ^ /	no thank you for providing a non mobile i just linked it while i was in the bathroom edit : and i replied to a bot

1 the word " sniper " refers to a hunter skilled enough to shoot a snipe , a small and fast bird .	wait , a snipe exists ? i thought they were made up to get kids to go on a futile mission to catch one o . o
2 yeah they exist , i'd never heard of their almost " mythological " status until i watched up a few years ago , [ they're just uncommon ] ( http://www.rspb.org.uk/wildlife/birdguide/name/s/snipe/index.aspx	they are not that uncommon in the u . s . you are allowed to kill 8 a day during season in [ arkansas ] ( http://www.agfc.com/hunting/Pages/HuntingWaterfowlDates.aspx ) . my

1 china has a law that requires every citizen over the age of 11 to plant at least one tree per year . as a result , china currently has the	this is the only way to avoid running out of chopsticks and escape the massive famine that would follow .
2 actually china imports chopsticks from usa . http://newsfeed.time.com/2011/06/04/import-irony-china-buys-its-chopsticks-from-a-small-georgia-town/ edit : yes i now know they are out of business .	seriously ? china uses a crap-ton more chopsticks than 2million a day . also , read up ... http://www.walb.com/story/19550417/georgia-chopsticks-goes-bankrupt http://www.americustimesrecorder.com/local/x2086601460/Georgia-Chopsticks-closed http://www.woodworkingnetwork.com/wood-blogs/fine-woodworking/custom-bill-esler/Wood-Chopsticks-Firm-Forced-To-Close-160001145.html#sthash.wpMloOKJ.dpbs http://www.americustimesrecorder.com/local/x2086601460/Georgia-Chopsticks-closed
3 do people only ever use one pair and then throw them out ? i figure a family would have chopsticks like we in western society has cutlery , we have	we dont use the takeout ones ( which are the ones that are in high demand ) mainly because they are too short to begin with to be worth keeping

1 tetanus is not caused by the rust in rusty nails . the rough surface of rust merely provides the ideal habitat for the bacteria that causes tetanus .	how would rust make you sick ? it's just iron oxide . did you think it poisoned you or something ? ?
2 considering how many metals are toxic and can cause some pretty nasty diseases , it's not absurd to think rust could also make you sick	what did you think the tetanus shot contained ? ? water to flush out the rust ?

1 google intends to scan all known existing 130 million unique books by the end of the decade .	worst.job.ever .

1 einstein was stopped so much in public , he would reply , " pardon me , sorry ! always i am mistaken for professor einstein . "	" * solitude is painful when one is young , but delightful when one is more mature . * " - - albert einstein
2 - - wayne gretzky	you miss 100 % of the shots you don't take - - john wilkes booth

1 when george washington died , napoleon ordered 10 days of mourning in france	i'm pretty sure that more surprisingly the british flew all their ships flags at half mast at news of his death

1 ernest hemingway killed himself , and so did his father , sister , brother and other relatives .	suicide is ; the answer , logical . if it wasn't for other people and painless ? always i have been ' half in love with easeful death ' .

1 eratosthenes , along with countless other achievements , calculated the size of the earth in 240 bc using a stick , the shadow of the sun , and the known	yeah but he thought he was calculating the distance between the earth and the sun . right number , wrong purpose .

1 in 1987 , there were only 22 california condors left on the planet . all of them were caught to help preserve the species , and now there are 435	there is a great california condor exhibit at the los angeles zoo .
2 someone mentioned the san diego zoo , but i'd emphasize that again since as far as i'm aware the san diego zoo was largely party of this program . best	more specifically [ cres ] ( http://www.endextinction.org ) , with the san diego zoo . they have an amazing frozen zoo which has tons of animal dna of endangered and

1 bet ( black entertainment television ) refused to play a music video because it was " too intelligent " for their audience	fuck , i love little brother i always wondered why bet never played their shit , but hey its black entertainment its built to cripple us black people fucked up

1 when mass murderer jack graham blew up an airplane to kill his mother ( killing 43 others ) , he could only be charged with one count of premeditated murder	not even remotely what the article said . he was charged this way because it was the easiest path to conviction .
2 they would've charged him with that , realized that wasn't a thing , and charged him murder instead .	i don't even know where to begin with this level of misunderstanding .

1 this past season , tannehill broke marino's franchise record for completions in a season	tannehill is seriously underrated . he had the misfortune of being a part of one of the best qb drafts ever .
2 i've always said that i think he's the 2nd best qb from that draft . and that's not bad only being behind luck .	you'd get downvoted to oblivion for suggesting he's better than wilson , however i think it's arguable . nice username by the way .
3 tannehill is 1-0 vs . wilson . 1-1 vs . luck	yeah , i remember after you guys beat them they went on to win 5 in a row ( seahawks i mean ) .

1 the us women's national team has finished in 1st , 2nd or 3rd in every fifa world cup	the us women's national team has won every women's world cup in which the number of teams has expanded . ( 12 , 16 , 24 )

1 the navel ( belly button ) is an erogenous zone , and that when touched , creates a tickling sensation in some people's genitals .	it's always happened for me . i thought it was like that for everyone to be honest ... it's not a " sexy " type of feeling , but more
2 its definitely irritating	worse than irritating to me . and , if someone puts their finger * in * my bellybutton , i get nauseated . ick .
3 my wife likes to fuck with me and jam her finger in my bellybutton . feels like she is pushing my organs through my asshole . soul-crushingly uncomfortable .	i hear you . my fiancée does this all the time and it drives me nuts .

1 most of the laugh tracks you hear on tv were recorded in the 1950s , which means a lot of the people you hear laughing are dead .	is this some kind of bot that just posts this link under a different account every 6 months ?

1 alan turing committed suicide because he was gay .	you're an idiot . he committed suicide because of persecution .

1 today i learned that women with a waist-to-hip ratio of 0.7 are not only smokin ' hot , but also have a lower risk of diabetes , heart disease ,	wasnt that the recommendation of dr . mix-a-lot ?

1 mika brzezinski ( msnbc news anchor ) refused to read a report about paris hilton's release from jail , then after being pressured again to do the story , she	i actually remember watching this live on morning joe . i love mila brzezinski . the show is so much better when joe scarborough has the week off , and

1 , in 1951 , after his plane crashed into the ocean , clint eastwood swam 3 miles to safety ( along with his pilot )	" although monogamous and happily married to his second wife since 1996 , eastwood has fathered at least seven children by five different women and has been described as a
2 after reading this i just got the sense that he doesn't know how to or is unwilling to wear condoms .	nobody wore condoms in the 70s .

1 . cameron diaz advocates urinating outdoors or during a shower because it conserves electricity and water .	god damn , she's ugly .

1 david pirner of soul asylum thought that the song wynona's big brown beaver by primus was about his girlfriend , winona ryder , so he changed song title in a	primus sucks .

1 ed o'neill was so typecast while on married with children , that his scenes were removed from a non-comedy film after a test audience laughed when he was on the	dutch would like a word with you .

1 lactose intolerance is " normal , " and most mammal species develop a natural lactose intolerance after weaning .	humans are , after all , the only species to consume the milk of other animals . if it weren't for the fact that we continue to drink milk throughout

1 north korea captured a u . s . ship , the u . s . s . pueblo , in 1968 . north korea maintains the ship as a tourist	we have a captured japanese submarine in hackensack , nj . it's maintained , not sure if people can go into it anymore , but i did as a kid
2 or the one at msi in chicago . you can still go on it . it's cramped and makes me glad i wasn't a submariner during ww2 .	that's the german u - 505 . very cool to visit . really gives you perspective on what living in that thing for over a month at a time would

1 : when mount st . helens erupted , harry truman chose to die in his cabin with his 16 cats rather than evacuate	sorry , but i hate stories like this . i'm all up for being heroic for a cause , but stupidity shouldn't be praised . he accomplished absolutely nothing aside

1 nascar rose in popularity in 1979 after the first nationally televised race ended with the leaders crashing on the last lap , and then proceeding to fight in the muddied	wait , didn't i just read that jeff gordon punched some guy in the face right after a race ? * edit : yes . holy shit there's [ video
2 it wasn't jeff gordon , but one of his team's crew members . there was a big scrum on pit road after the race , but the most contact between	yeah fuckin kevin harvick gettin ' there i had to rewind to see it was him who looks like he started the brawl ! good ol ' kev .

1 : johnny knoxville comes from significant inbreeding .	just like british royalty ?
2 like pretty much every line of royalty really .	i'd also bet the " old money " who run things in the us are pretty inbred too .

1 washington ( the state ) was originally called columbia , but was renamed to avoid confusion with washington , d . c . ( district of columbia ) .	that backfired .

1 manual gearboxes are lighter , cheaper , give better performance and fuel efficiency . they are the most common type everywhere besides north america and australia .	lets get this straight dont want the rest of the world thinking we a bunch of pansy manual are in no way rare in australia ... i would still argue

1 when henry ford was shown newsreel footage of the nazi concentration camps , he " was confronted with the atrocities which finally and unanswerable laid bare the bestiality of the	not only that , he sponsored fiddling contests to counter the popularity of jazz which he thought of as destroying western ' white ' civilization . [ seriously ] (
2 ford was right . jazz is not a part of western culture . it's alien to white christians . just because many find it catchy and fun to listen to	no , it's pretty much completely harmless , you're just a fucking moron .

1 penn of penn and teller holds a patent for a hot tub jet made specifically for female masturbation .	i am so okay with this .

1 the song ' louie louie ' was the subject of a 31 month fbi investigation for reports of explicit sexual lyrics . the fbi was ' unable to interpret any	your tax dollars hard at work .

1 sharon stone for may years maintained that she had an iq of 148 and was a member of mensa . she finally admitted in 2002 that she was not ,	* walks into first mensa meeting and gets a good look at the people there * " huh ? oh ... no . no , i'm in the wrong room
2 sorry sir , time-traveling military historians are meeting in the next room over .	* adjusts bow tie * right thus way , mr . prufrock

1 dennis rodman's father , philander , had over 26 children with 16 different women , making him , by definition , a philanderer .	as i started reading the title , i thought of a joke . as i finished reading the title , you beat me to it .

1 in the chinese manchu tribe mothers give their children blowjobs as a sign of affection	just one more thing their future wives won't be able to do as well as ' mom used to do it ' .

1 david cross admitted in an interview that he had snorted a small amount of cocaine at the 2009 white house correspondents ' dinner . cross said , " it wasn	well excuuuuuse me !

1 in states that have legalized no-fault divorce , domestic violence rates dropped by 30 percent , and female suicide declined between 8 and 16 percent , while showing no lasting	when you don't have to lie about abuse to get a divorce the reported domestic abuse drops .
2 alternately , victims of abuse don't bother to report it / kill themselves when just leaving becomes a possibility .	no no , that makes too much sense and doesn't ostracise half the world population . we here on reddit , like to make inflammatory statements based on little to

1 fleetwood town have been promoted to league one - this is their 6th promotion in 9 years since they won the north west counties division one in 2005	they are the man city of the lower leagues . don't mean to be sounding like a knob , but the way we did our promotions was far better .
2 don't worry , we'll see them on their way down in a few years anyway .	fuck the haters , fleetwood <3

1 the holocaust in belarus killed up to 40 % of its population . 100,000 jews lived in the minsk ghetto , with 1.5 meters of allotted space each and none	i am from belarus and i have heard stories from my great grand ma about the people getting taken from out town . basically 1/3 of the town disappeared to
2 kind of sounds like gaza these days , except on a much larger scale , pretty sad what people will do to other people .	lol your fucking kidding right ?

1 ghengis khan forbade the selling of women , theft of other's properties , decreed religious freedom , outlawed hunting during breeding seasons , and exempted the poor from taxation .	i wonder if people in 500 years will write something like that about hitler . til hitler fought hard for vegetarian rights , loved arts , he was a very

1 in 2009 eric schmidt , google's chairman , said " if you have something that you don't want anyone to know , maybe you shouldn't be doing it in the	he has a point .

1 that the author of the " alchemist " , paulo coelho was caught by his publisher leaking his works through pirate bay !	coelho means " cool " in portuguese . ;)
2 no , it does not . it means " rabbit " . i'm brazilian .	yeah , i know ... just showing the man some love ! no disrespect meant ! :)

1 in 1980 saddam hussein recieved the key to the city of detroit . one of only 5 to receive such honors from detroit .	isn't it detroit that had a river that caught on fire ?

1 the grey affected roger ebert so much , he walked out of his next scheduled screening . " it was the first time i've ever walked out of a film	i guess i am the only one who thought it was a cheesy popcorn movie that portrayed wolves in an unrealistic manner .
2 the wolves were intentionally unrealistically large and terrifying . they are symbolic of looming death , not actual wolves	oh . now it all makes sense . movies like jaws were just symbolic of man's inhumanity and looming mortality instead of just trying to be a money-making scary movie

1 hitler was a vegetarian and against any form of animal cruelty . during movies in which animal cruelty was portrayed , he would cover his eyes and look away until	didn't he consider jews as low as animals ?

1 fabregas has as many league goals this season as he did all of last year for arsenal	drop down a division = score more goals .

1 the champagne bottle failed to break for the launching of the costa concordia	mariners are one of the most superstitious groups of people out there . i wouldn't be surprised to learn half the crew quit over the champagne incident .
2 the ms statendam ( holland america line ) is considered cursed by many of the lines officers and a few have refused to work on the ship because the bottle	what do ya know . another carnival ship !

1 neil young wrote three hit songs in one night with a 103 degree fever .	after ' southern man ' , he was seen for what he is . just another canadian .
2 don't need him around anyhow	lynyrd skynyrd were friends with neil young and that that series of lines is actually intended to be a slight to a certain type of southern mentality . the more

1 moss from the it crowd has directed music videos for arctic monkeys , vampire weekend , and yeah yeah yeahs	' ' we're bunking off ! ! ' '

1 jimmy carter said if he became president , he would release all government ufo information to the public . once elected , he decided not to due to " national	open your eyes people . ufos are circular . what is circular ? bagels . ufos also a 4 letter word ! what else is 4 leters ? ? jews
2 the sr71 looks somewhat circular from the ground .	how ? it looks like a giant triangle in person on the ground . is it because of the speed ?

1 gillian anderson , like some other actors , is bidialectal and changes her accent between american and english depending on which country she is in .	[ here's an example ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KDz8iF2DEOA ) . she really has a beautiful voice . it's interesting how tone factors into accents . people's voices always sound so much

1 viggo mortensen's tattoos in eastern promises were so realistic that diners in a russian restaurant in london fell silent out of fear during production .	/ sarcasm on yep , that phrase on the wrist of viggo mortensen that reads " don't trust , don't fear , don't ask " have a very scary meaning

1 a civilian employee destroyed a half billion dollar submarine just to " get out of work early . "	so , a us navy sub was taken down with an oily rag ? i've been playing battleship wrong my entire life .

1 fiji water ran ad stating , " the label says fiji because it's not bottled in cleveland " . cleveland water dept responded by running tests comparing a bottle of	we have tasty water here in cleveland
2 no one can beat nyc water .	ima let you finish , but rochester has the best water in ny state . fresh from the finger lakes , bitches .
3 ima let you finish , but norway .	norway actually does not have the best water in new york ...

1 a week before the iraq war began , tim russert reported " every analysis said this war itself would cost about $ 80 billion [ ... ] we should expect	tim russert was repeating w & cheney's talking points .. in name of journalism . like everyone on tv

1 the woman who sued mcdonalds for hot coffee she spilled in her lap got 3rd degree burns and had to get skin grafts .	if the coffee was normal temperature , i would be able to mock her , but since it gave her 3rd degree burns , i think the case that mcdonalds

1 in 1996 oprah winfrey was sued for causing $ 11 million in damages to cattle farmers simply for mentioning that she would not eat another burger after a show about	she actually did that to save all the cows for herself .
2 two weeks later : " everybody in here gets a cow . you get a cow . you get a cow . "	the audience of her show are cows .

1 since the chernobyl disaster , the area inside the ' exclusion zone ' has become home to hundreds of wild animals such as deer , owls , boars , bears	radioactive beavers ? ! ? i see a scifi / porn crossover in the works !

1 in the united states , more money is stolen by employers from employees each year than is stolen in robberies , burglaries , larcenies and auto thefts combined . the	/ r / todayihavetalkingpoints i mean , i agree with your agenda , but at least * try * to make it look like you're sharing fun facts . jesus

1 in the chinese manchu tribe mothers give their children blowjobs as a sign of affection	um .

1 peta kills 89 % of the animals it takes in	[ til " feline aids " ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Feline_immunodeficiency_virus )

1 django unchained depicts factually true circumstances . there were thousands of black slaveholders !	if you really care , slavery was based on wealth . most southern blacks were poor ... and slaves .

1 due to allegations of anti-british prejudice ubisoft will not be releasing the assassin's creed 3 limited edition in the uk and europe .	ok , george washington had a poe at one time , and he is a well known mason ( templar ) right ? why are you on his side ?

1 every last f14 tomcat america has in flyable storage is being shredded to prevent spares reaching iran who are still flying the ones sold to them by the us in	damnit now i have to listen to the theme from top gun .

1 harvard earns enough money on interest from its endowment that it could offer free tuition to all students and still make profit on the interest .	i wish i listened to my parents and worked hard in high school / university to earn top grades . i may have been at harvard the last many years

1 george washington died when his doctors tried to cure his epiglottitis ( i . e . inflamed throat ) with blood letting . he lost more than half his blood	washington's final words : " i so pale . "
2 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrjQ7XuFu1U	is it normal for news caster to switch accents all of the sudden ? i swear she says " i so pale " in a southern accent .
3 well , she is from texas . * but she's just doing a silly voice	actually this is from seattle . the lady in question went to shorecrust highschool .

1 in 1996 ascap threatened girl scouts of america for singing campfire songs without paying licensing fees .	they aren't infringing on any copyrights if they aren't profiting off the material . people are allowed to sing covers of songs .
2 that's just not true .	correct , generally copyright laws follow the principle that restrictions apply where the absence of such protections may lead to a reduction in income , so although the gsa might

1 johnny depp based his portrayal of jack sparrow on keith richards . when disney executives expressed dissatisfaction depp responded " look , these are the choices i made . you	i'm trying to imagine what the movie would have been without johnny depp's jack sparrow . ( it's not good )

1 one of britain's most prolific serial rapist , john worboys , who is believed to have drugged and raped over a 100 people , was sentenced to only 8 years	where'd you get this from , a feminist blog ?

1 it is estimated that the wealth of the royal saudi family is around 1,4 trillion dollars .	jesus .

1 any " kobe " beef purchased outside of japan or china is fake ; actual kobe beef must be raised in specific parts of japan , and is illegal to	if you can afford to eat kobe beef regularly , you probably learned this long before today .

1 when archimedes realized that the volume of irregular objects could be measured with precision ( a previously intractable problem ) , he is said to have been so eager to	the sad part is how he died ( according to legend ) . a roman soldier killed him for ignoring his commands . archimedes was working on a geometry problem

1 more than half of the american public ( 53 % ) does not believe in natural evolution despite the overwhelming support of scientists ( 90 % ) .	and they vote . always .

1 on july 10 , 1947 , senator glen taylor said : “ i almost wish the flying saucers would turn out to be space ships from another planet , because	yeah , unify under the heel of a boot .

1 6 - year-old ryan gosling , inspired by the movie " first blood , " once took steak knives to school and threw them at other children during recess	straight guy here . he can throw anything at me .

1 edgar mitchell , the sixth person to walk on the moon , has claimed that " aliens have contacted humans several times " on kerrang radio in 2008	he's 90 % sure ... good enough for me .
2 more sure than most politicians .	politicians are always 100 % sure otherwise theyre not believable enough ... would you vote for someone that has doubts about something and maybe something he doesn't know ? of

1 it took 10 episodes for producers to realize the mighty morphing power rangers colors might be considered racist	making the black ranger black is a coincidence , but also making the yellow ranger asian is when people start getting suspicious
2 see also : the red ranger being native american .	okay now i'm starting to think it was on purpose
3 well then i hope you are ready for this . the white ranger ? ... white .	didn't they make him turn white more than 10 episodes later ?

1 illegal immigrants actually subsidize social security by paying into it but not receiving benefits	i'll never understand why people sympathize towards illegal immigrants . they are here illegally ! they have committed a crime ! they are criminals . think about it reddit .

1 the vagina was named after the latin word for " scabbard " , reflecting it's function of holding a man's sword	fun fact , in german it's still the same word . " scheide " can mean both " scabbard " and " vagina " makes for some awkward moments edit
2 swedish too . slida . but i rarely talk about swords though so it's cool .	it's not just about swords , the holster for a knife is also called ' slida ' .

1 alec guinness , the actor who played obi-wan kenobi , despised star wars calling it " fairy tale rubbish . " regardless , he was one of the few cast	that's bizarre . in one of the documentaries i've seen , it was said alec guinness was the model of professionalism . when all of the other actors were complaining

1 the pediatrician who developed the rotavirus vaccine and who is a strong advocate of childhood immunization has his mail screened for explosive and requires personal guards .	this disgusts me in an incalculable number of ways

1 the 1992 comedy " my cousin vinny " is so well regarded in the us legal community that it is frequently used in law schools to demonstrate courtroom procedures such	yes ! my law class watched this !

1 curb your enthusiasm saved a guy from murder charges . outtake footage of an episode taking place at dodgers stadium showed the accused in the crowd , some 20 miles	[ it seems the guy is now dead after being shot in the head ... ] ( http://projects.latimes.com/homicide/post/juan-catalan/ )

1 the pentagon was designed in a way that makes it possible to go from any one point to another within seven minutes .	i thought that that'd be the place where you kept chtulu ..

1 in the film ' thank you for smoking ' , none of the characters are ever seen smoking .	aye , but they do wear nicotine patches .
2 those things will kill ya .	mandalay ! i've come aflame again !

1 in the first pirates of the caribbean movie , the director insisted on actually having 882 aztec coins in the chest for " a sense of historical fantasy " .	must have cost a lot of money , then add in the the cgi and wardrobe budget to make keira knightley appear to have boobs .

1 the mpaa tried to outlaw vcrs in 1982 .	the movie industry wants exactly one business model . movie theaters . they get to charge everyone 7 bucks to watch a movie once and coerce them into paying exorbitant

1 in 1974 egyptologists observed ramesses ii's mummy's condition was rapidly deteriorating and flew it to paris for examination . he was issued an egyptian passport that listed his occupation as	compare modern day ' honours befitting a king ' to egyptian equivalent and really they may as well have just gone with easy jet and a taxi to the museum
2 amazing the things that can be achieved with authoritarian rule and slaves .	what slaves ?

1 alcoholics anonymous contains enough religious elements that mandating someone to attend aa is in violation of the first amendment of the constitution	related : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yUG9dr6SZSY

1 there was a " back to the future " animated series that ran from 1991-1992 . the show was not popular , but it featured live-action segments where christopher lloyd	i remember the men in black cartoon series . which was awful .

1 during napoleons 6 day stay in malta he ; reformed national administration , created twelve municipalities , created a public finance administration , abolished all feudal privileges and slavery ,	" and on the seventh day he rested "

1 one " awesome blossom " appetizer from chili's has as much fat as 67 strips of bacon .	fun fact , bacon doesnt have much fat after its cooked . most of it is rendered out of it and unless you are drinking the leftover grease you are
2 who likes it crispy	i do i do i do - ooh - kel mitchell

1 patrick stewart , while he was going bald in his teens , believed no woman would ever be interested in him again , and gave up on the idea of	when i first saw him in excalibur ... i thought ... what a dashing fellow !
2 for a second , i thought you meant [ this . ] ( http://static.comicvine.com/uploads/scale_small/0/4/66101-11292-99098-1-excalibur.jpg ) edit : [ bonus ] ( http://ctrla.lt/comiclash/images/Excalibur_081_Vol1988_Marvel__ComiClash.jpg )	lmao

1 dilma rousseff , president of brazil was tortured for 2 years ( 1970-72 ) by the military dictatorship in brazil at the time . she was a member of various	yup , and nowadays she ` s involvend in corruption scandals ...

1 as a child elon musk was bullied so severely he once had to be hospitalized because of a beating from other students	i'm sure his personality had nothing to do with it .

1 space invaders was so popular it created a shortage of 100 yen coins in japan , forcing the government to mint more .	huh , i wonder if that affected foreign exchange rates . kinda surreal to think that people found that game to be so fun . edit : ah , the

1 over 1,000 , 000 euros are thrown into the trevi fountain every year . the money is used to subsidize a supermarket for the needy .	it's but a trevial matter .

1 john lennon's assassin was motivated by more than just a crazy obsession with " the catcher in the rye " . mark david chapman was a born-again christian , and	i use the same excuse when i fart in an elevator .
2 you accuse your ass of being a blasphemer ?	his ass is the born again christian trying to proselytize .

1 prince performed a cover of radiohead's " creep " at coachella , but forced youtube to remove footage that fans had taken of the performance . youtube reinstated the videos	i can't say i blame him . sounds like bad karaoke . not worthy of prince status .. http://www.ebaumsworld.com/video/watch/468315/

1 the only japanese survivor of the titanic was branded a coward in japan for having dishonored himself by not going down with the ship .	fuckin ' japan

1 quentin tarantino wanted to direct 007 ' s casino royale , set in the ' 50s , in black and white and starring pierce brosnan .	he also wanted samuel l . jackson to play felix leiter and uma thurman to play , i believe , moneypenny , vesper , or some other bond girl .
2 i think the fundamental problem is that he would make a tarantino movie and not a bond movie . sometimes , the director has to take a back seat to	imho we didn't dodge that bullet after all , since the last 3 movies have not been " bond movies " , aside from the fact that there were characters

1 theodor geisel was caught drinking gin as a dartmouth undergrad and forced to resign from the college humor magazine , so he started contributing under a pseudonym — dr .	what's so bad about drinking gin at uni ? i assume it was during prohibition ?

1 during prohibition , an exemption was made for whiskey prescribed by a doctor and sold through a pharmacy . the walgreens pharmacy chain grew from 20 retail stores to almost	i have a bottle of some ! it was made in 1916 and bottled / sold in 1933 . let me get some pics real quick ! here it is

1 wwii german ace heinrich ehrler's last words were : " theo . i have run out of ammunition . i'm going to ram this one . good bye . we'll	i hope he's burning in hell for eternity . piece of shit nazi fuck .
2 not a nazi .	anyone in the german military during wwii was a nazi , end of fucking story .
3 and anyone in the us military during afghanistan and iraq was a judeo-christian idealist murderer . see what i did there ? ? ? go fuck your bullshit .	i'm fine with that . they were nazis that's all there is to it . retard .

1 pheidippides , the first person to ' run a marathon , ' died immediately after finishing .	dying after finishing is a most honorable death . just ask david carradine .

1 a woman named chante mallard hit a homeless man with her car , sending him through her windshield . she drove home , parked her car in her garage &	her lawyer went to the media and said " the only thing she's guilty of is failing to stop ! "

1 abc aired saving private ryan on veteran's day , unedited , every year starting in 2001 . the practice ended in 2004 ( the year of nipplegate ) , when	the fuck is nipplegate ?
2 you know , when the nipple popped out during the super bowl halftime show ?	oh , okay . why is it called " nipplegate " ? why is so much called " gate " ?
3 because apparently after watergate ( named after the watergate building ) every scandal has to be something-gate . there isn't really a reason .	that's super dumb . wasn't water gate about embezzlement or something ?

1 the first emergency chocolate ration bar commissioned by the us army was the d ration bar . the army approached hersheys chocolate in 1937 with 4 requirements : the bar	i'd rather eat a boiled potato than hershey's sick tasting chocolate

1 the comedy film my cousin vinny is often praised by lawyers due to its accurate depiction of courtroom procedure , something very rare in films which portray trials . it	as a lawyer , i can tell you everyone's secret dream is his opening statement " everything that guy just said is bullshit . thank you . " # [
2 id .	* id . *
3 i can't tell if that period is italicized or not and it bothers me .	the period should be italicized / underlined . always .

1 facebook coo , sheryl sandberg , worked as chief of staff to then united states secretary of the treasury . her boss was larry summers . larry summers was the	... and both events happened * * before * * sandberg and zuckerberg connected , if you're implying a conspiracy .

1 some of the corporations that utilize american prison labor include walmart , eddie bauer , victoria's secret , microsoft , starbucks , mcdonald's , nintendo , chevron corporation , bank	so ?
2 this .	add something meaningful to the conversation , would you ? this , this is stupid .

1 the actor who played lord farquaad in shrek the musical was 6 ' 2 " . he played the entire role on his knees , earning him his second tony	there was a shrek the musical ...
2 it's on netflix . i ... wouldn't recommend it ...	i wasn't able to make it through the whole thing

1 : pokemon gold and silver which sold 23 million copies were developed by only 4 programmers .	from wikipedia : programmer shigeki morimoto stated that part of why development took three and a half years was due to being a small team of only four programmers ,
2 and it shows , those games had grand scale and mechanics that wouldn't be seen again for years .	the jump from red / blue / yellow to silver / gold was like going from a model t to a tesla . it was * that * good .
3 i played red / blue as a kid but had no idea silver / gold was this much better . still worth a play some 15 years later ?	yeah . best way is through emulators so you've got a " fast-forward " button .

1 dr . phil does not have an active licence to practice psychology , and the california board of psychology determined that he does not require one because his show involves	don't ask me how i know , but a member of my family had the misfourtune of dealing with him in a business sense over a period of a few

1 one of the originally pitched names for hannah montana was alexis texas .	* * fun fact : * * only guys will get why this til is funny

1 due to their geographical isolation , the aboriginal tasmanians are believed to be one of the only peoples on earth to have never discovered the ability to make fire .	i'm from tasmania , what is fire ?

1 the flavour " blackcurrant " is largely unknown to people in the united states , due to a ban on the berry in the early 1900s .	these are commonly found in butter cookies in those tin cans . they aren't raisins

1 j . r . r . tolkien created the words " dwarvish " and " dwarves " , countering the spelling at the time of the books publication which was	i prefer " dwarven " to " dwarvish " .
2 dwarven is the adjective used to describe something pertaining to dwarves . dwarvish is the language that the dwarves of tolkein's world speak . dwarvish is the dwarven language .	[ khuzdul ] ( http://lotr.wikia.com/wiki/Khuzdul ) is actually the name of the dwarves language in m . e . besides westron , the common language . fun fact !
3 > westron are those like uprons and downrons ?	more like northrons and southrons . and similar to westeros and sothoryos

1 the concorde supersonic jet stretched during flight due to the heat it generated . on its final flight the crew placed their hats into a crevice in the floor which	the sr71 is the best and coolest example of this happening . they could only put gas in the tanks just before lift off because it leaked fuel left and
2 thanks for the pic . heard of this so many times , but never seen it before .	theres one in riverside california . if you're close-by , i highly recommend seeing it in person .

1 incandescent light bulbs will not be available for purchase as soon as 2014	then only criminals will have incandescent bulbs . that aside , i used to use one of those 200-300 w halogen bulbs to light up a room . they don't

1 the former dog mascots of texas a & m university are buried in a graveyard near the football stadium with their noses and paws pointed so towards the scoreboard .	white people are weird
2 it takes a certain amount of weirdness to say " fuck it lets send a man to the moon ! " and then actually do it . white people ftw	did you compare the moon landing to a dead dog

1 abc aired saving private ryan on veteran's day , unedited , every year starting in 2001 . the practice ended in 2004 ( the year of nipplegate ) , when	i read the article but i don't quite understand the connection to nipplegate . could someone explain ?
2 why the fuck are we suffixing every controversy with " - gate " these days ? watergate was the name of the hotel , it wasn't a controversy about water	if they don't give it a - gate suffix , how are we supposed to know what to get up in arms about ?

1 brazzers , reality kings , youporn , pornhub and spankwire are all owned by the same company .	man , i've been masturbating to only one company this entire time ?

1 doctor who was originally an educational show , with episodes set in the future to teach kids about science , and episodes set in the past to teach them history	so basically the magic school bus ?
2 basically wishbone , except the main character is not an awesome dog . one of my favorite shows back in the day . http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0112225/	that was one awesome show .

1 , that masi oka , most notably remembered for his portrayal of hiro nakamura in heroes , was a digital effects artist on films like star wars , terminator ,	yatta !
2 save the cheerleader , save the world !	really stupid tagline in hindsight .
3 not a bad tagline , its just that it ended up not having shit to do with shit .	it had so much to do with shit , if he didn't save the cheerleader , then main bad guy would have her never dying powers . by the way

1 pale , white skin in europe evolved only 6000-10 , 000 years ago , likely to absorb more vitamin d .	nice post ... interesting

1 in 1880 an australian outlaw and his gang smithed steel suits out of ploughshares and held off the victorian police with their bulletproof armour	is this ironbark thing regional ?

1 in 1979 president jimmy carter was attacked by a rabbit while fishing alone in his hometown of plains , georgia	get down mr president

1 in a siege against a gallic city , julius caesar actually built a second wall around the city to keep its occupants from leaving .	here is a history channel documentary about this battle . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BEJCe8HwDiM

1 the dc snipers planned to kill 6 white people a day for 30 days at predetermined destinations , but plans were hindered by traffic .	one of the few times i can honestly say , " thank you traffic . "

1 james cameron was not the first one to descend down the mariana trench , but the first to do so solo ; two oceanographers touched the bottom in 1960 .	his name is james , james cameron the bravest pioneer no budget too steep , no sea too deep who's that ? it's him , james cameron james , james

1 patrick stewart lost all his hair at 18 and believed that no woman would ever be interested in him again	[ look at this handsome young bastard . ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3vMpWpD.jpg )

1 it wasn't until he was 37 when jack nicholson found out that his supposed " sister " , june , was actually his mother	just caught myself doing a quick mental check of all my sisters ' ages . turns out i'm in the clear

1 : mozart was one of the first music pirates . fourteen year old mozart , while on a visit to rome , heard gregorio allegri's miserere once in performance in	" if a law is unjust , a man is not only right to disobey it , he is obligated to do so . " - tj

1 george r . r . martin hates fan fiction , also believes that it is a bad exercise for aspiring writers .	i wouldn't go as far as calling it copyright infringement ( see wikipedia ) , but i don't like it either .

1 elvis presley flew to denver and back one night just to pick up a fool's gold loaf : an 8,000 calorie sandwich made from a hollowed out loaf filled with	what was the point of flying to denver ? that sandwich looks really easy to replicate in memphis .
2 if the sandwich is made with sourdough , they may not have been able to get sourdough in memphis	and it's not like you can just whip up a great starter . that shit takes time and a whole lot of love

1 the nazis planned to have the native americans rebel against the us government , after which the nazis would give the native americans back their land .	i'm a native american and my great grandfather fought for america in ww2 along with many other natives . he was a code talker
2 on the chance he's still with us , do an ama . if he has walked on then know he has my respect for his service .	what good would a coded ama do
3 the nazis won't be able to figure out what we're talking about . it'll be a riot .	neither will we . everybody loses , yaaay !

1 superman compresses his spine when he is clark kent so he is shorter . this helps prevent people from discovering clark kent = superman .	i wish i could believe that spinal compression made up for the fact that they have the same face .
2 [ steve urkel and stefan urqel are the same person . ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7yu-Dsmx2Zo ) posture , voice , fashion choices , attitude / behavior ... if you change everything	so you were honestly fooled that they weren't both jaleel white ? the problem is recognizing human faces is something humans are super , super , super good it .

1 australia has some of the most restrictive firearm laws in the world	you guys don't need guns ... you have huge ass knives !

1 high-ranking viking funerals involved getting a slave girl drunk , screwed by numerous men , restrained , strangled , then stabbed through the ribs before being burned with the corpse	i thought that was just called tuesday .

1 there was an all girl band that would throw a ' golden condom ' to the audience , and whoever got it , male or female , was taken backstage	why did i google image search at work ? / facepalm

1 during wwii british soldiers consumed 72 million adderall and that methedrine helped the raf win the battle of britain .	72 million amphetamine tablets , not 72 million adderal , which wasn't created until 1996 .

1 at age 24 , thomas müller has now scored 8 goals in 7 world cup matches .	that is just insane . germany was a real joy to watch yesterday . i just wish wish they brought klose on . this world cup has been amazing so
2 if müller keeps scoring like that , it wont be klose to beat the record	or maybe müller will break kloses record this worldcup

1 in addition to numerous allegations of corruption , the current president of fifa once headed an organization whose mission was to outlaw nylons so women would be forced to wear	a true hero .

1 wayne's world was responsible for starting the phrase " that's what she said " and the " not " joke	i thought " not " was started ( popularized ) by the band anthrax . no ?

1 the 1992 comedy " my cousin vinny " is so well regarded in the us legal community that it is frequently used in law schools to demonstrate courtroom procedures such	my law teacher back in h . s showed us this movie as well .

1 nba hall of famer patrick ewing frequently faced racist chants while he played in college . in one game after an orange was thrown at him , the opposing coach	why an orange ?
2 the college was syracuse , who are referred to colloquially as ' the orange '	orangemen , they changed their name long after ewing's day to ' the orange ' .

1 some people can " flex " muscles in their inner ears to produce a low rumbling sound	it wasn't something that happens to everyone . i learned what tinnitus was in the same way !

1 consuming asparagus affects the smell of urine , but only 22 % of the population have the gene to smell it	phd geneticist here , 100 % of the human population has this gene . 22 % of the population has a version of this gene ( allele ) which allows
2 thank you ! it's aggravating to constantly see " allele " and " gene " interchanged .	obviously ...

1 john hopkins university conducted a study of mushrooms with 36 college-educated adults ( average age of 46 ) who had never tried psilocybin nor had a history of drug use	johns not john
2 one year , i forget when , john * * s * * hopkins for april fools announced that they were * finally * dropping the " s . "	ooooo . april fool's is coming up , and you just gave me time to prepare ...

1 the average toll to pass through the panama canal is us $ 54,000 . the most expensive regular toll fee is us $ 375,600 .	and the lowest toll ever charged was for [ richard halliburton ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Halliburton ) who * swam * through the canal , and paid 36 cents for the privilege
2 a man , a plan , a canal - panama !	now read it backwards !
3 amanap - lanac a , nalp a , nam a ! .. i don't get it .	a man , a plan , a canal - panama ! ! a man a p-lan a ca , nal pa , nama ! a man a plan a canal

1 the gnarls barkley song ' crazy ' topped the uk charts for so long it was eventually pulled so people would " remember the song fondly and not get sick	: ceelo green has more than one song
2 is ceelo really only known as the " fuck you " guy ? do people not remember goodie mob or gnarls barkley ?	everyone forgot about closet freak .

1 knife manufacturer , victorinox , claims never to have had to lay off an employee . to avoid this they set aside profits during boom periods to supplement recessionary periods	what an amazing company ethic ! we all voted to take pay cuts to avoid layoffs keep ours and our colleagues jobs a couple years back . the last few
2 truly an amazing company . run by the same family since it was founded . realy proud to have them here in switzerland !	do they need any network engineers ? will work for francs , us / ca / au dollars , euros or sufficiently equivalent quantity of swiss army knives .

1 in 1987 , a prison inmate broke a glass partition and knocked out the lights in a visitation area to have sex with a woman who was visiting him .	i don't blame him , but what a classy woman .

1 the writing staff of futurama held three ph . d . s , seven masters degrees , and cumulatively had more than 50 years at harvard	if i'd realized that comedy writing is dominated by harvard grads , i'd have made some changes to the 14-18 period of my life .
2 conan went to harvard too	my cousin was his roommate at harvard , and they got their first job together ( snl ) . i got to intern for a season on a show he
3 greg daniels ?	yep . the only reason he knows that i exist is because he's a family tree buff and is super into his genealogy . he went to south africa to

1 eiichiro oda the creator of the manga one piece originally planned it to last 5 years , but it has gone for 16 years and is nowhere near done .	for anyone seeking more information please visit / r / onepiece or www.watchop.com
2 it's on hulu as well . higher quality , but ads .	the quality on watchop is pretty good . i just finished watching all the dubbed episodes . the problem with hulu is that it skips from episode 20 something to

1 the body fat of a 440 lbs woman caught fire during cremation and almost destroyed the entire facility . because of this , new crematories are being built to hold	the largest individual i've personally ever cremated was 900 pounds . the individual was loaded onto a casket shipping tray and took six people to get into the machine ,
2 i think you mean hydraulic lifting table . hydrology is the study of the water cycle and the impact on earth	yeah i changed it . my phone hates the word hydraulic .

1 in ancient athens , a beautiful courtesan named phryne was put on trial for a capital crime . her defense , in the most well-known story of the event ,	getting away with crap because she's hot - the original scumbag stacy

1 there is a limit of 12 minutes of commercials , per hour of television , in the united kingdom .	in america we have 12 minutes of movie per hour .
2 some channels even slightly speed up tv shows so they can fit even more advertising in . http://collider.com/tbs-speeds-up-seinfeld/	i was watching a few youtube episodes of peppa pig with my kids and i'm guessing they were recorded from american tv because they were sped up .
3 if it was on youtube , it was probably sped up to avoid contentid detecting and flagging the video .	these were episodes where someone had filmed their tv . other ones played just fine .

1 brad pitt voluntarily had pieces of his teeth removed before filming fight club because he didn't think tyler durden would have perfect teeth .	" fincher's first choice for the role of marla singer was janeane garofalo ... " wat .

1 while most of noah webster's ' americanized ' spellings ( such as ' center ' and ' color ' ) caught on , some did not , such as his	i don't know why , but i always thought daniel webster was the guy behind the dictionary .

1 a german officer asked picasso " did you do this " , when he saw a photo of the painting ' guernica ' , a painting about the effects of	wtf is this ? ! le reddit army http://imgur.com/5msfEsU

1 princess leia's iconic metal bikini was inspired by fisher's complaints that the loose-fitting outfits she wore in the star wars concealed her feminine physique .	liz katz did it better

1 in 1914 henry ford doubled his worker's wages out of pocket , causing wages to rise competitively nation wide . he profited as sales increased now that many more americans	he also invaded his employee's private lives to see if they drank alcohol at night amongst other things . he was obsessed with efficiency and could demand more efficiency for
2 how archaic of him to invade his worker's private life like that . luckily we only have to pee into cups and get full background checks in our wonderful and	nobody wants wants to work next to someone who's impaired . that puts both of you at risk . i've watched stoners chop their hands off by accident . by
3 this wasn't pot testing and felony checks . this was unannounced visits to employees homes and monitoring of bank accounts .	that was then ... i was talking about now .

1 indonesia realized dead manta rays are worth $ 500 whereas manta ray tourism brought in $ 1,000 , 000 over the life of a single ray . indonesia is now	today indonesia learned

1 sam harris of gor	or morality is the eggs , not the batter .

1 in 2013 , there will be a 3rd ' bill & ted ' movie , dude ! the screenplay was finished in april 2011 .	station !

1 a retired major general suggested in 1935 that wars could be avoided by drafting the upper class before the rest .	what if , every congressman who votes yes on going to war has to serve one year in the combat zone ? i'm not exactly sure what we'd have them

1 when his mercury space capsule lost power , astronaut gordon cooper used a only a wristwatch , his knowledge of star patterns , and math estimations to correct the pitch	i'm not surprised . the space program was put together by a bunch of engineers with pencils and slide rules , not to mention hardly even a masters or phd
2 they had an opportunity to go into space , regardless of how scared you would be you'd still do it . shit , i'd cut my balls off and eat	lots of talk about balls here .

1 christoph waltz is his own voice actor in the german and french dubs of inglourious basterds and django unchained	if no one knew this then you all are the dumbest people.on the net ... this does not need a post ... it was obvious its him

1 the cover art for i get wet by andrew w . k . , which is a image of awk bleeding from his nose , was created by andrew w	> to achieve the effect , w . k . initially said that he struck himself in the face with a brick during the photo shoot , but later explained
2 " w . k . was too much of a pussy to do the job himself , so he used fake blood , and tries to pass it off like	" w . k . hit himself in the face with a fucking brick , and decided that it wasn't hardcore looking enough . so , probably still bleeding ,

1 charles whitman , the texas tower shooter , asked for an autopsy to be done after his death to determine what made him kill . the autopsy found a tumor	his sickness might have influenced his rages but there are people all over the world with anger management and rage issues that don't kill . it doesn't absolve him of

1 the oxford english dictionary cites the beastie boys as being responsible for coining the term " mullet " in 1994 to refer to the popular 1980s hairstyle .	i don't buy this , i am pretty sure i remember the term being applied to hair in like 1985 . i had a long rat tail which was braided
2 multiple pictures on a website 1991 . you sure about that ?	maybe not a website , but could have pulled pics from a bbs , usenet , dalnet , etc ...

1 gordan ramsay had to leave his first job as a chef because he was having a sexual relationship with the owner's wife .	[ obligatory video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=syRQ7iShpzY )
2 this video is great . however , truth be told , any women is turned on by a guy that is passionate or a expert in his field .	i bet [ burger barry ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SL-Der7JpYU ) is a pussy destroyer .

1 new zealand , singapore and chile originally initiated discussions about a form of tppa , but it was much fairer . then america joined and it went to shit .	yes , the original tpp fta was something that i think we would've been pretty comfortable with .

1 kenan thompson was the first snl cast member to be younger than the show itself	don't care , he's no longer with kel .

1 the us suppressed a 1995 who study which proved that occasional cocaine use causes no physical or social problems . we only know it thanks to a 2009 wikileak .	alcohol is almost as addictive and harmful as cocaine , yet only the later one is banned . especially when you consider how tolerant our society is about alcohol ,
2 i think it has to do with the way it's consumed . it's odd , it's different . i can drink a glass of water , i can drink a	what , you aren't into tobacco snuff ?

1 - sloths sometimes remain hanging from branches even after death .	my first thought was " jungle pinata " .

1 bruce lee could snatch a dime off a person's open palm before they could close it , and leave a penny behind	chuck norris could snatch a person's entire open palm away before they could close it , and leave a round-house kick to the face behind .
2 lee killed norris .	ah , but during bruce lee's autopsy they found a note in his thoracic cavity that said : payback ... c . n .

1 both the aztecs and the buddhist jataka have an almost identical tale about the rabbit on the moon .	i thought it was a little mouse . they call it muad'dib .
2 i thought that was arrakis . no ?	this is not arrakis ? sorry , wrong planet . the tardis is acting up .

1 humans aren't appropriate prey for great white sharks because their digestion is too slow to cope with the high ratio of bone to muscle and fat .	yeah & a taco bell waffle taco isn't appropriate prey for humans but look at how that's working out
2 bamboo isn't appropriate for pandas because hardly optimal for their digestion system but it's all they'll fucking eat .	what other option do they have ! ?
3 it wouldn't matter how many options you gave them . they're like a 5yo who won't eat anything but hot dogs and macaroni and cheese except that they will starve	i've never understood why we care so much about pandas . species go extinct , it happens . most pandas have to be coerced into reproduction , and apparently only

1 henry viii had someone who's job it was to wipe his bottom for him . they were called ' grooms of the stool ' and henry viii had 4 of	these wannabe gangsters and their white tees and their fake gold chains need an education in luxury . nothing comes close to " personal asswipe . "

1 john cena has granted over 250 make-a-wish foundation wishes , the most of any person in history .	" integrity is doing the right thing , even when no one is watching . " - c . s . lewis
2 " integrity is doing the right thing , even when you can't see me . " - john cena	[ perfect ] ( http://images.t-nation.com/forum_images/1/5/15fc7_ORIG-the_rock_clap_clap_gif.gif )
3 absolutely … [ perfect ] ( http://www.mr-perfect.com/images/perfect_bowling.gif ) !	the world misses you , curt .

1 actor and comedian rob riggle was a marine for 23 years , was a lieutenant colonel , and has received a combat award for his service in kosovo , afghanistan	not really surprising if you've ever been in the marines or any other branch . we're all sarcastic assholes with a good sense of humor and a lot of heart

1 as a child elon musk was bullied so severely he once had to be hospitalized because of a beating from other students	nerd

1 members of westboro baptist church have been specifically banned from entering canada for hate speech .	if only we could ban them from the planet ...

1 in the slavery abolition act of 1833 , britain had to use one third of its entire national budget to buy all the slaves so that they could be freed	yeah well you can't just blame the people who owned slaves for owning them , since it was the government who decided it was legal .
2 um , okay . so anything is moral up until the time that it is outlawed ? icepick lobotomies , genital dismemberment , etc ?	no , but plenty of people do immoral things just because other people are doing it too . there is a general misunderstanding in the human race that somebody else

1 during the thunderous applause following his famous ' we shall fight on the beaches ' speech to the to the house of commons in 1940 , winston churchill whispered to	from mad magazine , circa 1979 : churchill : " we shall fight them on the beaches , we shall fight them in the streets ... " bystander : "
2 even though it's a joke , the point was that the uk was unable to invade anything at this point and was fearing a german invasion themselves .	i find it amazing how the world's most powerful and largest empire suddenly had an existential crisis .

1 the british government's advisor on illegal drugs was fired in 2009 after arguing that ecstasy and lsd were less dangerous than alcohol and tobacco .	" this wasn't the conclusion we hired you to arrive at ! you're fired . "
2 the truth used to get people killed . how its just fired . at least we're getting somewhere .	now they just commit suicide by shooting themselves 3 times in the back of their head .

1 the se-ga voice at the start of the sonic the hedgehog took up 1/8 of the cartridge space	1/8 of my childhood

1 the comedy film my cousin vinny is often praised by lawyers due to its accurate depiction of courtroom procedure , something very rare in films which portray trials . it	well , maybe , but marisa tomei !

1 in 2013 a heatwave of 86 ° f killed 760 people in britain .	i remember my dog not knowing what to do . he was so confused at the fact that outside * and * inside were roasting . he just kind of

1 a " butt " was a medieval unit of measure for wine . technically , a buttload of wine is about 475 liters , or 126 gallons .	yup . that's a buttload of wine .

1 when former president teddy roosevelt died in his sleep in 1919 , thomas r . marshall , the sitting vice-president , said " death had to take roosevelt sleeping ,	and tr would have won .

1 alec guinness , the actor who played obi-wan kenobi in the original trilogy , hated the film and described it as " fairy tale rubbish " and persuaded george lucas	personally , i think it's pretty unprofessional to openly shit on something that you worked on , even if it was actually something you despise . i'm not saying smile
2 > if he hates this genre of film so much " genre " is not even mentioned .	i was referring to other comments on the thread that were talking about how he had a general disdain for sci-fi type stuff .

1 in 2003 and 2004 boycotts of the sponsors of the masters golf tournament ensued due to their men-only club rule . the golf club responded by dropping all three of	i'm glad i live in augusta . i find their fuck you attitude just impossible to not like , even when i disagree with just about every stance they take
2 ole eisenhower tree . front page of the chronicle if i remember . that was a fun weekend .	as a chronicle employee ... : 3
3 i'm just gonna take this opportunity to say that the chronicle is probably the worst daily newspaper that i've ever read in my life . my charmin is a more	i appreciate it .

1 bet ( black entertainment television ) refused to play a music video because it was " too intelligent " for their audience	they show " leprechaun : in the hood " on bet all the time . why ? why ? ! ? !

1 spongebob's " bikini bottom " is located under bikini atoll , a site for nuclear testing .	that info was removed on 23 february . see diff : http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Bikini_Atoll&diff=539825785&oldid=539416596

1 the estimated jewish population of afghanistan is 1 .	i'm sure there are a lot more jewish people in afghanistan , it's just safer not to acknowledge that , especially among-st a large population of extremists .

1 liechtenstein and switzerland gave women the right to vote after many muslim countries like pakistan , tunisia or algeria .	votes were pretty bizarre in switzerland before when it was just men . it was an open air , raise your hands type affair . but now they don't even

1 christian , judaic , and islamic texts all ban interest on loans	and all 3 religions circumvent it , jews don't apply it to gentiles , christians forgot about it and muslims have " islamic banking . "
2 don't know about muslims , but regarding the ot passages , " usury " is the taking of * excessive * or * abusive * interest . one can take	my reading of the islamic rules on interest is that solely making a living off it is not permitted . but it is good to lend money to people who

1 a massachusetts court ruled that a sandwich must contain two slices of bread , thus legally barring tacos , burritos , and quesadillas from being called " sandwiches . "	they should pass a law ruling that club sandwiches must contain three slices of bread , because my office cafeteria makes the worst club sandwiches i've ever seen .
2 i am offering a five-strips-of-bacon amendment to this law .	i'll vote for the frilly toothpick amendment .
3 i'll vote for that if you support my free range chicken breast initiative .	done . politics in action !

1 if momma did ' buy me a mockingbird ' she would be violating the migratory bird treaty act of 1918 , and would be subject to a fine of up	that thumbnail confused the shit out of me . i thought i had gone my whole life without realizing that a mockingbird looked like a vulture .
2 i was like wow , i had pictured mockingbirds all my life as beautiful , delicate birds ... and for a second i thought they were nothing but a bag	they're the thin delicate looking creatures that perch outside my window and imitate barking dogs at 4 a . m . every morning .

1 plants vs . zombies was almost named lawn of the dead , but this was changed due to legal reasons .	i find it ridiculous that laws prevent such awesome names being used . such a parody in no way negatively affects the dawn of the dead franchise .
2 the owners of the dawn of the dead name put a lot of time , money and effort into making the name something you know and trust . the only	dude , a fucking * pun * is not grounds for a lawsuit .

1 doritos were originally created by disneyland to make use of left over tortillas	http://i.imgur.com/P3B81.png
2 but seriously , what are those ?	giant isopod . this was an online ad of them attacking their natural prey . don't think it worked very well ...
3 what . the . fuck . i thought those were lobster tails ... this thing shouldn't be allowed to exist ...	do yourself a favour and don't google any other pictures . they're even worse when you look at the bottom .

1 volkswagen owns audi , bentley , bugatti , lamborghini , porsche , and ducati	also seat and skoda . in fact many of those brands ' models have been lprevious-generation vw / audi models with a minor facelift . the practice of re-using the
2 the chrysler 300 was ( is ? ) based on the old mercedes e-class platform .	could be because chrysler and mercedes were known as daimler-chrysler ? or are they still fusioned ?
3 nope . chrysler is now chrysler llc . and owned by cerberus . mercedes-benz is once more owned by daimler ag	they're owned by fiat . cerberus sold them in 2010 .

1 fun fact : the egg carton was invented in canada	what the hell did they use before egg cartons , i wonder now for the first time , ever ?
2 they used flats ( like you see for cans of pop ) with cardboard dividers ( like you see in boxes for wine bottles ) . now try to imagine	baskets , as in don't keep all your eggs in one basket . i think you can guess why !

1 homefront , a video game released in early 2011 , based on a war against a north korean global power , has so far successfully predicted both the year of	what if .. the developers told him to die to promote their next home front game ?

1 your left boob is usually bigger than the right because of it's close proximity to the heart .	so women with perfect boobs are heartless ?
2 what about people like me who have a smaller left boob than the right	[ situs inversus ? ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Situs_inversus )

1 : the pittsburgh penguins intentionally threw the 1983 season to ensure they could draft mario lemieux . x-post / r / til	the thing that i took away from that wiki is that the penguins get no respect from their city . it's almost unbelieveable that a team could be 10 years
2 not every fan of the team lives within the city limits of pittsburgh and has the funds to attend every game ...	especially because the consol is basically centered around making money off of rich people , while civic was just for the atmosphere .

1 on its way back from deployment in the persian gulf in 2002 , the aircraft carrier uss john stennis stopped in freemantle , australia , where her sailors wore out	from what i heard , some intrepid business owner decided to fly out some girls to " ease the burden "

1 the last airbender received 5 awards : worst picture , worst director , worst screenplay , worst supporting actor , and a special award , " worst eye-gouging mis-use of	i have a theory . m night can only make a good movie as long as bruce willis is in it . if they cast willis as aang , this
2 http://i.imgur.com/AI61i.jpg edit : i don't deserve the gold at all , but thank you . i just saw this picture a few months ago and just popped into my head	ok , it's been a long time since i laughed out loud at something , but that picture fucking did it

1 in the uk and ireland , fire hydrants are buried in the ground where drivers cant crash into them	but they can still crash into the signs used to mark the fire hydrant's location :/
2 there aren't any . they're covered with a metal lid that marks its location .	we have [ these ] ( http://img3.photographersdirect.com/img/13886/wm/pd982471.jpg ) in ireland to mark their location

1 4 of the top 50 biggest " box office bombs " of all time are playing in theaters right now	waterworld is not on this list . huh .

1 poet stanislaw jerzy lec survived a german concentration camp by killing his guard with a shovel that was given to him to dig his own grave - and then escaping	his most famous poem was written about that incident , but they don't name the poem . i'd love to read that .
2 so get this : this reddit post led me to the wiki page which said " this became the subject of his most famous poem " which led me to	that is art .

1 during the 2009 elections michael bloomberg , mayor of nyc , changed long standing state laws just so he could serve a 3rd term .	who watches the watchmen ?

1 both ancient greek and egyptian medicine recognized obesity as a medical disorder . hippocrates wrote that " corpulence is not only a disease itself , but the harbinger of others	i guess medical issues and genetics can make you more prone to obesity however for the majority it's probably a mixture of either bad eating habits or not enough exercise
2 edit : 😒	how the fuck does sleep apnea cause you to eat too many calories ?

1 the wrestler mick foley became a fan of tori amos in 1993 . after meeting her in 2008 , he got involved in a group she started to aid abused	mick foley is a great man . i loved him as a child , and i love him still as an adult

1 andrew jackson , in a duel , gave his opponent a free shot . hit in the chest , he returned fire , killing the man . later said "	andrew jackson , the greatest sociopath to ever ~ ~ scare the ever living hell of ~ ~ grace this nation .
2 andrew jackson , great president , horrible human being .	how are you measuring him as a " great " president ?

1 the mona lisa was painted with eyebrows and eyelashes , but they disappeared over time , possibly the result of over-cleaning .	fixed it . http://imgur.com/Z5F8SvE

1 colombian drug trafficker carlos lehder bought himself an island in the bahamas where he put an airstrip which controlled the drugs coming in from south america and entering the us	it never ceases to amaze me what earning power that white dust creates for the wrong people .
2 _illegal_ white powder , the illegal part is what makes the price explode . illegal doesn't mean there is less of it , it just means the price is higher	well , you could make baby powder illegal and i don't think there would be a black market for it like what there is for cocaine . but yes you're

1 when yao ming played his first game in miami , the heat promoted the game by passing out 8,000 fortune cookies . yao wasn't offended because he had never seen	i find this very hard to believe

1 when manfred von richtofen ( the red baron ) was shot down and killed in 1918 , the british army gave him a full military funeral , complete with clergy	wwi pilots had a serious sense of honour . they were like sky knights .
2 tell that to fonck , or voss , or ball , or mcudden . they all thought it was about being the best . not honourable .	yeah , but voss was a kick ass pilot . the way voss was shot down has always been a better ' story ' than richthofen's to me .

1 president kennedy was the the last presidential candidate to win the presidency without carrying ohio .	back when the democrats where still the party of the south and the republicans were still the party of the north .

1 when mario lemieux's son austin was born prematurely in 1996 , the family spent a lot of time in the hospital with him , and found that older children there	yeah , but did he eat his chunkie soup ?

1 tim curry was originally cast to portray the joker in batman : the animated series , but he was replaced by mark hammil because his voice was too scary	he was able to pull off the not so threatening baddy / comic foil : major vladakov though

1 weird al put a hidden track on the end of his album " off the deep end " as to scare listeners who had forgotten to turn off their cd	new found glory also did this on an album . i fell asleep listening to the album , only to be awakened by people whispering loudly " there's someone in
2 yeah , well you kind of deserved it . with any luck they scared some taste into you .	it'd be cool if you causally mentioned something you like now so i could subtly imply it's awful too .
3 well i'm really into early paula abdul .	that shit is dope .

1 indonesia realized dead manta rays are worth $ 500 whereas manta ray tourism brought in $ 1,000 , 000 over the life of a single ray . indonesia is now	eco tourism is probably the best bet a lot of species have to survive . make more money through looking at them , than ( corrected from then ) killing
2 i guess the best evolutionary tactic is to be as cute as possible so that humans will pay to watch you live .	see : pandas
3 seriously those fucks should be dead . to stupid to even fuck ... if it wasn't for people they would be dead .	actually , it's because of people they're dying out . they breed fine outside of captivity , but we've destroyed so much of their habitat ...

1 crows are monogamous and raise families together . offspring from previous seasons even remain with the family to help rear new nestlings .	india considers dolphins as non-human persons . i say the un needs to do the same and build upon that by including crows , elephants , great apes , and

1 in 2000 , blockbuster video turned down a chance to purchase a one-year-old company called netflix for $ 50 million .	i wonder how many people reading this didn't even know netflix was a dvd by mail service when it started .
2 i still get dvds . i swear i thought they were around longer than a year by 2000 . i joined with them right at the beginning . when streaming	i vaguely remember when streaming first started . weren't you limited to a few hours of streaming per billing cycle ?

1 the big lebowski's main character was based on a real life guy who drank white russians & was known as " the dude . " also , jeff bridges wore	i had trouble determining if the paragraph for bunny lebowski was talking about the character , or tara reid herself .

1 volkswagen owns audi , bentley , bugatti , lamborghini , porsche , and ducati	also seat and skoda . in fact many of those brands ' models have been lprevious-generation vw / audi models with a minor facelift . the practice of re-using the
2 the chrysler 300 was ( is ? ) based on the old mercedes e-class platform .	are you sure it wasn't just a fancier charger ?

1 homefront , a video game released in early 2011 , based on a war against a north korean global power , has so far successfully predicted both the year of	you think * that's * impressive ? tom clancy's ghost recon predicted the 2008 south ossetia war back in 2001 !
2 homefront predicted kim jong-il's death and nuclear tests , ghost recon predicted georgian war , what if mass effect predicted the ... * oh shit ! *	... worst ending to history ever ? i'd be pissed if that's how history books wrapped things up .
3 i enjoyed the mass effect ending . it may have not been as dynamic to your choices throughout the series as ea hyped it to be . but i loved	it definitely got less shity after the extended cut ending wrapped a few things up , but the fact that the endings were so similar , and whether you went

1 on june 27 , 1844 , mormon founder joseph smith was murdered by an angry mob while he sat in a jail cell . the incident arose after smith ordered	" oh skycake ... why do you have to be so delicious ! " - patton oswalt

1 facebook coo , sheryl sandberg , worked as chief of staff to then united states secretary of the treasury . her boss was larry summers . larry summers was the	[ business ] ( http://blog.uloop.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/The-Personal-MBA-picture-2.jpeg )

1 dove and axe are owned by the same company .	when axe was first released i picked some up to see if it rinsed cleaner than the suave body wash i'd been using . same exact fucking thing . down

1 muhammad got engaged with a six year old , then consummated his marriage with her when she was nine .	priests still do it . so nothing has really changed . go religion ! !

1 the name häagen-dazs is meaningless . the jewish creator wanted the name to be " danish-sounding " to honor the danish in their treatment of the jews during ww2 .	> the only country which saved the jews during world war ii was denmark wrong . > albania had about 200 jews at the beginning of the war . it
2 too bad liam neeson just about destroyed their reputation . instead of jew-savers they are now known as the kidnappers of 16 year-old girls who are actually 30 .	for a second i thought you were talking about schindler's list

1 jason schwartzman is a member of the coppola family . his mother is talia shire , aka adrian from rocky , his uncle is francis ford coppola , and his	and he was a member of the band , phantom planet . their most famous track was , and still is , california .

1 james watson , co-discoverer of dna is in favour of discriminating based on race " [ i am ] inherently gloomy about the prospect of africa [ because ] all	i know i am going to be modded to shit for this - - but can we evaluate that statement on it's scientific truth as opposed to how we'd like
2 when it's white people making the intelligence tests , it's probably going to be white people that perform best on it . anyone familiar with psychometrics knows iq tests are	but if you follow the [ wiki link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Race_and_intelligence#Group_differences ) given by hcwdjk you will see that whites do not score the highest .

1 the power-up mushroom in super mario bros . and the mushroom consumed by alice to alter her size are the same : amanita muscaria .	just for the record , these are not psilocybin mushrooms . dont eat mushrooms you find out in the wild without an experienced mycologist . these are not the fun
2 i don't like how you're implying these * aren't * hallucinogenic mushrooms .	i didn't mean to imply that . however pop culture often depicts amanita as being " magic mushrooms " and this is a dangerous misconception . psilocybin cubensis are the

1 mark calaway aka the undertaker established the zeus compton calaway save the animals fund to help pay for lifesaving treatments for large-breed dogs .	yeah , but he killed his brother kane .
2 he got better .	not sure if intended to be a crank reference , but if so that's tremendous .

1 the surface of venus is not surrounded by gas . the temperature and pressure are high enough for the atmosphere to be a supercritical fluid , a fluid with the	like mist ?
2 if you were on venus somehow and there was a 5 mph breeze , it would feel like you are getting dragged by moving molasses , like a slow motion	so it'll feel like liquid on my skin but it's see-through like a gas ?

1 ethel merman's last film appearance was " airplane ! , " where she played a man who thought he was ethel merman .	orson welles had a legendary 45 year hollywood career . his last film performance was in transformers : the movie as unicron .
2 the last couple decades of his career were [ less than distinguished . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nvxwf1jxdaM )	i have to ask : did you name yourself after zap rowsdower , hero of * the final sacrifice * ?
3 soooo ... rowsdower ... is that a * stupid * name ?	http://i.imgur.com/9zITYxQ.jpg

1 koi fish can live for centuries . the oldest lived 226 years before it died .	that's a pretty weak fish if a hedgehog can empty a pond full of them ...

1 if finding nemo was real , when nemo's mum and siblings got eaten , nemo's dad would have developed female gonads and formed a breeding pair with nemo .	but only after nemo brakes his other fin ...

1 in 2001-2002 , allen iverson scored 31.4 ppg , on a . 398 field goal %	34.4 % usage . he was the offense , well more like a third of it .
2 [ 37.78 % ] ( http://www.basketball-reference.com/leaders/usg_pct_season.html ) third highest all time .	ahem , my 2k13 myplayer has a usage rate of 45 % .
3 bad call for a ... no it's never a bad call for a pass if this teams revolved everything that i do dammit . if you're not bogut and you're	oh fuck this so much ... like , being a center in myplayer not worth it because calling for it on a pnr play is always a bad call for

1 when questioned about his terminal cancer and impending death musician , warren zevon stated " i just want to live long enough to see the next james bond movie .	this is depressing cause that movie was so bad .

1 matt groening said that enough material was cut from the simpsons movie to make two more films .	and i would watch those films . i went to the simpsons movie in a state of resigned disgust . it's gonna suck , let's just get it over with

1 , that masi oka , most notably remembered for his portrayal of hiro nakamura in heroes , was a digital effects artist on films like star wars , terminator ,	his character on heroes is literally every anime nerd's fantasy . they can stop time and jerk off on unsuspecting women
2 that's what i do . it's called webchatting with known friends on skype . mute mic , pause webcam , jerk off . say it was lag or some shit	imagine if you did that in the opposite order accidently once .

1 in 1850 only 8 % of the people in california were women	snake pit !

1 the grey affected roger ebert so much , he walked out of his next scheduled screening . " it was the first time i've ever walked out of a film	good feeling or bad feeling ?
2 it's about facing mortality , accepting that you're going to die but continuing to fight for survival .	i like to think its about purgatory , i mean its called the grey . think about it

1 warner bros studios didn't like the idea of jack nicholson's character dying in mars attacks , so tim burton gave nicholson two different characters and killed both of them .	this movie is horribly misunderstood . it was i think a brilliant way of poking fun at crappy fifties sci fi .

1 after hurricane ike in 2008 , comcast customers were billed for unreturned equipment that had been destroyed by the hurricane . customers were charged as much as $ 1000 for	" criticism of comcast " is its own wikipedia-page . big tobacco doesn't even have that .
2 why does reddit have to call everything " big telecom " or " big oil " as if its some giant devil . supply and demand folks , remember that	i've never heard of big telecom , tbh . but big tobacco has been used at least since 2000 , it's not a reddit-thing .
3 its horse shit is what it is .	the shit of horses , i says . you're right , tho . you never hear anyone call the porn industry big porn , and it makes a fuckton of

1 the nation of islam believe that white people were invented as an evil race by a scientist named yakub , 6,600 years ago . the experiment also produced ' red	the nation of islam isn't islam , if you are wondering . the nation of islam is reported as being a black supremacist group .
2 black surpremacy doesn't really make sense , does it ? i mean , white people have ruled the planet for centuries while treating all other skin colors like shit ,	supremacy groups really just feed on the idea / feeling / philosophy that they are superior as a collective . not literally superior .

1 hugh hefner donated the " y " in the hollywood sign and alice cooper donated the third " o "	" yknow , i really don't have any real use for this giant letter ... might as well give it away ... "

1 it's only called an acronym when you pronounce the abbreviation as a real word ( ex . nasa ) . otherwise it is known as an initialism ( ex .	thanks for giving me something else to correct in day to day conversation .
2 you mean you were not aware of this ? i'm going to need your party card and your gun please .	not my grammar gun !

1 : during operation desert storm , sas trooper chris ryan made the longest escape by any soldier . he trekked over 160km ' s through the iraqi desert .	as seen in the film , bravo two zero

1 sniper bullets can travel for so long , the rotation of the earth will move the target	if fired pointing straight and level , a bullet from a gun will reach the ground at the same time as a bullet dropped from an equal height , because
2 that's not really true , because the spin on the bullet will induce lift : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magnus_effect#In_external_ballistics	also , most long range rifles have a slightly inclining barrel , so that at for example 100 meters , you'll hit 1 dm above your target , but at

1 : paul o'neill bush's secretary of the treasury , told bush when his tax cuts expires , we would need a 66 % across the board tax increase to repair	no shit . everyone knew that . didn't need paul o'neill to tell us either . just simple math - you lower taxes & increase spending ? means that you'll

1 after hurricane ike in 2008 , comcast customers were billed for unreturned equipment that had been destroyed by the hurricane . customers were charged as much as $ 1000 for	this seems disingenuous . why is the company expected to absorb the losses ? by that standard , nobody is ever responsible for anything they rent , from cars to

1 in the 2016 olympics , the us will be defending the rugby gold medal	imagine if [ these guys ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/99/J_O_Stockholm_1912_Bouin_et_Koleheimen.jpg ) still played .
2 long distance runners ?	eric liddell . edit : sorry about spamming that like 8 times

1 there are only 5 countries in the world that still use fahrenheit to measure temperature , the bahamas , belize , the cayman islands , palau , and the united	http://i.imgur.com/diWVaHt.png

1 : david tenant who played the 10th incarnation of the doctor , is married to georgia moffett , who both played the doctor's daughter in doctor who and who is	it is only logical that their child becomes the 15th doctor .
2 she isnt the doctor , she is the doctor's daughter	what i meant was : peter davison ( 5th doctor , grandfather ) , david tennant ( 10th doctor , father ) , dt's son / daughter ( 15th doctor
3 ahh .. i see what you're saying , sorry for the confusion	it's cool .

1 genghis khan once sent a 500 man caravan to establish trade ties , only to receive nothing in return and to have the whole caravan executed . genghis khan responded	crown for a king !
2 the real question here is who would win drogo vs . khan	genghis . for sure . like , really for sure .
3 1v1 ? khal . army v army ? khan .	i think drogo would have him dominated in both fields . didn't he have a 100k man strong khalesar ?

1 ' arthur ' is the second longest-running animated series in the u . s . , behind ' the simpsons '	having fun isn't hard !

1 the blues brothers movie was not available in predominately white neighborhoods , for mann theaters . they didn't think the movie would be successful with white audiences .	i think it was really because it was a religious movie .

1 the canadian government has banned members of the westboro baptist church from entering the country	another win for the great white north :)
2 yea ! white power !	you missed a d . sorry .

1 the poorest place in the us is 96 % native american and the median income of men is $ 0	hey , you found this article from that earlier one about the russian drill , didn't you ? i thought it looked familiar , cause i just did the same
2 choose a random article-any article . keep clicking on the first link in each article and eventually you'll end up at philosophy .	http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Extreme_points_of_Earth led me to a loop of world record

1 the netherlands sends 20,000 tulips to canada each year as thanks for their aid during world war ii .	actually , when i went on a school trip , they explained that the reason why they do that is because while they were living in canada , the princess
2 princess margriet was born in ottawa at the civic hospital . the entire hospital was temporarily declared to be extraterritorial by the canadian government . thats why ottawa has the	what about other births that day ?

1 splenda was discovered when a foreign graduate student was told to test a chlorinated sugar compound . he thought he was asked to " taste " it , so he	it was supposed to be an insecticide ? great .
2 do you wants in your stomach ? because that's how you don't get ants .	weird sentence

1 hershey's chocolate is flavored with sour-tasting butyric acid , which also gives vomit its aroma . this is why people unaccustomed to american chocolate sometimes compare it to vomit .	i guess i fucking love vomit then , cause hershey's chocolate is pretty damn good to me .
2 the hatred on hershey's is just bizarre . it's just different . it's like someone having sweet dessert wine their whole life and then trying a chardonnay and saying ,	it tastes like vomit to me , and that was before i knew this til , so it's mainly taste . oh and i had hersheys aged around 5 for

1 keanu reeves had a girlfriend in the late 90s that gave birth to his daughter but tragically the baby was stillborn and the girlfriend died in a car accident 2	[ i heard this photo was taken shortly after the second incident ? ] ( http://cdn.blogs.sheknows.com/celebrityphotos.sheknows.com/2010/05/keanu-reeves-has-lunch-on-park-bench-in-soho-ny-1024x711.jpg )

1 there are more captive tigers in the usa alone than there are wild tigers in the entire world .	wikipedia ? really ?

1 because of robin's constant exploits with batman , it took him more than 30 years to complete high school .	i'd say its more due to the static nature of characters in comic books than to his association with batman . still an amusing bit of trivia , though .

1 iron man three sets up the origin of man-thing	i don't see on the wiki page on how it was set up in im3 to be a stand alone film , nor do i find the info that even
2 http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Man-Thing&oldid=606208663#Film	ya now its there but at the same time its not setting up a man-thing movie more like including someone who's in the marvel universe just not well known (

1 in the uk , there are road cameras that photograph cars . from the photos ' time stamp data , the average speed of any given car between two points	we have a highway here that is patrolled by planes and they do the same thing but with lines on the road .

1 peta had a problem with the whaling segment of assassins creed : black flag . ubisoft dismissed it saying they did not condone whaling any more than they they condoned	save the digital whales ! !

1 neil armstrong and buzz aldrin left one of yuri gagarin's cosmonaut medals on the moon to pay tribute to his accomplishment as the world ’ s first man in space	" hey yuri , * snickers * you mind if we borrow your medal ? you know , for when we go to the moon ? "

1 during filming of " super mario bros . " bob haskins ( mario ) and john leguizamo ( luigi ) were so unhappy working on what they knew to be	for a more in-depth look at the plethora of problems surrounding the movie i would check out this article : http://www.gameinformer.com/b/features/archive/2013/05/28/mario-s-film-folly-the-true-story-behind-hollywood-s-biggest-gaming-blunder.aspx

1 adam west , clint eastwood , and burt reynolds were all offered the role of james bond , and all declined , believing james bond should always be played by	shit , i would pay good money to watch burt reynolds as james bond today . preferably boogie nights burt reynolds .

1 in 1982 , a kicker won the most valuable player in the nfl .	crazy , 20-21 is good but i am sure they could have found a better candidate . also he only made 66 % of his field goals . he wouldn't

1 elvis presley flew to denver and back one night just to pick up a fool's gold loaf : an 8,000 calorie sandwich made from a hollowed out loaf filled with	> they were driven to the memphis airport and boarded presley's private jet , the lisa marie , and flew the two hours to denver . when they arrived in
2 now it's one of my life goals to spend hours eating giant 8,000 calorie pbb & j sandwiches with champagne in an airplane hanger .	you forgot about the bacon

1 only 37 % of the american population have passports , while 75 % of the uk's population have passports .	in the us , we have pretty much every possible vacation destination you could imagine in terms of climate or recreation . just sayin ' .
2 this may be true for hiking , but maybe not cuture .	someone has clearly never been to cajun country , puerto rico or anywhere near astoria queens .

1 the " # " of c # was based on a small grid of 4 " + " signs , implying it is an increment of c + +	this has bothered me longer than i'd like to admit .

1 mullets are banned in iran	there is a whole list of forbidden haircuts in iran .

1 during the filming of titanic , an angry crew member put pcp in james cameron's soup , sending him and 50 others to the hospital	* akademik mstislav keldysh * yeah , didn't see that coming ...

1 speedy gonzales was banned by cartoon network for being an offensive stereotype , only to be returned after mass protest by the hispanic-american community .	and , groundskeeper willie is widely loved in scotland despite being portrayed as a violent alcoholic .
2 yeah , we used to spout willie's catchphrases all the time in the schoolyard--in this weird , super-scottish accent even though we're already scottish . our favourite was yelling "	i'd love to hear a scotsman impersonating a scotsman .
3 i imagine it's a bit like an american doing a john wayne impression ?	or someone from the deep south trying to do a texan accent . it's hilarious , by the way .

1 dr . phil does not have an active licence to practice psychology , and the california board of psychology determined that he does not require one because his show involves	so why is he allowed the title dr . ?

1 mullets are banned in iran	[ what ? ! ? ] ( http://thecia.com.au/reviews/j/images/joe-dirt-4.jpg )

1 the beastie boys coined the term " mullet " to refer to a hairstyle in 1994 in their song " mullet head " . no earlier use of the term	the beastie boys had a magazine

1 up until 1978 , the mormon church taught that blacks were once an evil race of jews who were colored by god for their wickedness .	native americans , black people ... they're all ancient jews after all !

1 speedy gonzales was fully removed from cartoon network due to racial stereotypes until fans--including large hispanic organizations--demanded he return	" he makes speedy gonzales look like regular gonzales . "

1 the comedy film my cousin vinny is often praised by lawyers due to its accurate depiction of courtroom procedure , something very rare in films which portray trials . it	i used to go to the sac o suds all the time to get bbq sandwiches . unfortunately it had to close down :(
2 well of course , the clerk was shot .	the guy who actually owned that place was a horribly grumpy old man that acted as if you buying something was a bother to him . oh you want to

1 in 2013 , there will be a 3rd ' bill & ted ' movie , dude ! the screenplay was finished in april 2011 .	excellent !

1 as a child elon musk was bullied so severely he once had to be hospitalized because of a beating from other students	well now he can buy those other students . i wasn't going anywhere with that , this is my goto answer for mega-rich people problems .
2 he could buy their unemployment	c'mon , at least be a little creative . you want to drive them insane , you gotta do it slow and subtle .

1 this past season , tannehill broke marino's franchise record for completions in a season	well jarvis landry was one of the best slot-ish receivers in the nfl imo
2 i like this thread .	how do i say , " ain't no thang buck a chicken wang " ?

1 the nobel committee declined to award the nobel peace prize in 1948 because " there was no suitable living candidate . " this was meant as tribute to mahatma gandhi	does anyone know why people cannot be nominated posthumously ?

1 whilst on his deathbed , french philosopher voltaire was asked to renounce satan , he simply replied " now is not the time for making new enemies . "	satan wouldn't touch voltaire . satan goes after the bad guys .

1 today i learned that when the president is unmarried or his wife dies during his term , another female relative will become the first lady . three president's daughters ,	i wonder what would happen if / when america has an openly gay president ? could a gay male president's partner be considered the ' first man ' instead ?
2 there are past presidents that had a niece or someone else step in that are speculated to have been gay such as buchanan . no proof though .	it was fairly well accepted at the time with buchanan . some people also suspect lincoln , but in his case it was more than likely a romantic friendship since

1 a man bought what he thought was an empty shipping container , only to discover that it contained a turbine engine from a naval destroyer , with a value of	there is no way that someone could transport a supposedly empty shipping container without finding out that it wasn't empty and had something as heavy as a turbine in it
2 [ here's a news story about it ] ( http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/nova-scotia/story/2009/09/08/ns-container-engine.html?ref=rss ) , that has way more info than the wikipedia article . he used the container for 10 years before	how the hell does someone buy any kind of container without taking a peak inside ?
3 what's in the box ! ?	* * what's in the fucking [ box ] ( http://fuckingbox.ytmnd.com/ ) ! ? * *

1 the nation of islam believe that white people were invented as an evil race by a scientist named yakub , 6,600 years ago . the experiment also produced ' red	let me point out that islam and the nation of islam are two different things . just fyi .

1 pope john paul ii entered and prayed in a mosque , and even kissed the qur'an , in an effort to improve religious relations with islam .	you gotta admit , even though christians have done a lot of bad things , pope john paul the 2nd is probably the best pope and a ggg .
2 there've been plenty of good popes , especially his immediate predecessors .	isn't his most immediate predecessor best known for dying ?
3 yes but he was also humble . he's the reason jpii chose his name .	they called him ' the smiling pope ' .

1 the original idea for the episode , jurassic bark , was to have fry's mother fossilized instead of seymour , but this idea was scrapped after it was thought to	the dog was pretty fucking upsetting .

1 alex smith graduated from the university of utah , with a 3.7 gpa , in two years . he had begun work on a masters when he was drafted in	he also went to high school with reggie bush .

1 100 years ago detroit electric automobiles were reliably getting 80 miles between recharging , and one test saw 211.3 miles on a single charge .	yeah , at the blistering speeds of 20mph !

1 the average 70 - year-old inuit with a traditional diet of whale and seal has arteries as elastic as those of a 20 - year-old danish resident .	citation needed

1 it's called an atomic typo if your typo creates a different correctly-spelled word , immune to spellcheck .	" fro " instead of " for . " gets me every time .

1 during the pascal b nuclear test in the 1950s , a 2,000 lb steel plate was calculated to have been launched at 6 times escape velocity by the blast .	i had a similar occurrence in kerbal space program - the remnants of a catastrophic explosion actually escaped the solar system before i'd even managed to get a craft into

1 asbestos in the united states has not been banned and is totally legal . when the environmental protection agency tried to ban it , supporters of the asbestos industry actually	as someone who works in asbestos litigation , reading the comments in this thread and seeing all the misinformation . it almost makes me want to do an ama
2 you never realize how much misinformation is on reddit until reddit talks about a subject you know really well .	yes , lots of misinformation . most people are not aware that asbestos is alien technology .
3 octopus technology ?	no it was cats

1 the creators of adventure time , the regular show and gravity falls are all college friends and all worked together on a show near the beginning of their careers .	a lot of animators today are coming from calarts , so it isn't much of a surprised that they would be friends .

1 due to their small brains koalas are unable to perform complex , unfamiliar tasks such as eat leaves off of flat surfaces .	is it the * * size * * of the brain ? i always thought size didn't matter for the brain " capacity " .
2 i think there is some connection . think of it like software and hardware . you can have a really great , simple program running on a small amount of	but you can just download more ram
3 oh good . there's finally a way to speed up my pc . where should i send my credit card info to initiate this download ?	http://www.downloadmoreram.com/

1 coca-cola deliberately designed tab clear to fail , in order to tarnish the public perception of pepsi's rival clear soda and ultimately sink both products .	i drink a 12 - pack of tab a week . i remember when tab clear came out , it did taste different , for the worse . i'm so

1 the word ' sinister ' is latin for ' left-handed , ' which was seen as a negative trait , and was reinforced by cultural references	actually , sinister is latin for left , not left-handed . and dexter is latin for right .
2 so dexter was right , but also sinister ? ambidexterous !	sinister = left dexter = right dextrous = right handed which has become to mean skilled in using hands ambidextrous = from the latin , both sides right-handed = equally
3 the show dexter ? serial killer ? named dexter ( right ) , serial killer ( sinister = left ) . ambi ( dexter ) ous . dexters motivations are	yes , an interesting play on preexisting words .

1 the guy who sang " she blinded me with science " believes the earth is flat .	no . he belongs to a tongue in cheek society that makes these claims .

1 sean connery was offered a contract to play for manchester united , but turned it down to pursue acting	if he did accept the man utd contract he could very well have died in the munich air disaster in 1958 , but instead chose to become an actor and
2 always become an actor and be world famous rather than dying in an air crash in 1958 . if you get the choice .	oh i got that choice yesterday . good thing i chose to be a world famous actor .

1 when laura bush was 17 , she ran a stop sign and hit / killed her ex-boyfriend . she was not charged .	pretty sure matthew broderick killed someone back in the 80 ' s .
2 he killed a mother and daughter in ireland when he lost control of his car because he was getting head from the girl who plays his sister in ferris buellers	reddit has ruined ferris bueller and the lion king for me forever . that's fucked up shit .
3 how was the lion king ruined ?	broderick was the voice of adult simba .

1 : many of the most badass lines in the movie 300 were real historical quotes ; and that dry , blunt wit has been named after that region of grece	so is " this is sparta " a real quote ? that would make it even better
2 i mean the words themselves were kinda shitty and trite . its just how he angry he was and the pit kicking that were neat .	yeah , i never really understood why people kept saying that until i saw the movie . it's like saying , " this is a chocolate shake ! "
3 i drink your milkshake !	acrooooooosssssss the room .

1 bill watterson ( creator of calvin and hobbes ) refused to merchandise his creations on the grounds that it would devalue the characters and their personalities	that's an expensive ~ ~ principal ~ ~ principle .
2 i guess you'd be paid a lot to administrate a school .	thanks smart ass ! fixed

1 in 1965 at age 90 and with no heirs jeanne calment sold her apartment to lawyer andré-françois raffray on a contingency contract . raffray , aged 47 agreed to pay	he gambled ( literally on someone else's life ) and lost . i don't feel sympathy for him .

1 there was a chimpanzee who drank gin and tonics and masturbated to porn	but what they didn't tell you is that i also have a reddit account .

1 nobel prize-winning biochemist kary mullis stated that his lsd use greatly helped him develop the polymerase chain reaction , a commonly used technique in molecular biology .	this is every slightly-alternative scientists favorite story to tell

1 rainn wilson originally auditioned for the role of michael scott in " the office . " the producers didn't like his audition , but offered him the role of dwight	http://redd.it/2af4sl this is a word for word repost from a post * he * made 10 months ago . at least he spelled the actor's name right this time .
2 i find it more pathetic that you take the time to go through people's history just to see if it's a repost	i clicked on other discussions and his exact same post was there .

1 hitler hid his relationship with eva braun because he believed that he was sexually attractive to women and wished to exploit this for political gain by remaining single , as	hitler and eva went out like romeo and juliet : > [ " do you think i would let him die alone ? i will stay with him up until
2 ... with the slight difference that they had a legitimate reason beyond " oh my god , i'm 13 and my first boyfriend died , how can i ever love	yep . it's not like there was much left to enjoy for him .
3 either the soviets would have shot him straight away or they'd have displayed him in a cage in moscow or tortured him or some shit . i'd say in april	displayed him in a cage in moscow ? no way . the soviet regime wanted to * look * civilized ; their propaganda said that the ussr is the most

1 badgers will sometimes hunt cooperatively with coyotes	tank and dps .

1 during a lecture , an oxford philosopher made the claim that although a double negative in english implies a positive meaning , there is no language in which a double	we use this in dutch too . we actually say " jaja " ( yesyes ) but we actually mean " as if " in a sarcastic way .
2 i thought jajajajaja meant laughing .	it does in spanish i think .

1 laurence fishburne cut all ties with his daughter after she started doing hardcore porn .	and shes fine

1 in 1964 , during their first american tour , the beatles refused to play their scheduled concert in jacksonville until the audience was desegregated	good guy beatles
2 too bad their music is borderline at best .	so brave

1 taser is short for ' thomas a swift's electric rifle '	http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/search?q=taser+thomas&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=all

1 william howard taft became the chief justice of the supreme court after serving as president of the united states .	and john quincy adams was a congressman after he left the presidency , and andrew johnson became a senator .

1 german shepherds where renamed to " alsatian wolf dog " after world war i due to the anti-german sentiment of the era .	were * . is it so fucking hard to spell shit right ?

1 assassin's creed iv black flag has attracted criticism from peta for it's whaling mechanic . in response ubisoft stated that they did not condone " illegal whaling " any more	they must have missed the memo about dishonored , which is set in a city that is run purely by whale oil .
2 i haven't played it but aren't there also plague rats ( or something similar ) that attack you in that game ? i think that balanced it out for them	haha yeah , i hate those little things . made me wish they had flamethrowers in that game . nature definitely getting its revenge through them .

1 the donkey kong in dk64 is actually donkey kong jr . all grown up & cranky kong is the original donkey kong from the arcade version of donkey kong	i was more weirded out reading the phrase " mario's ex-girlfriend , pauline "

1 in the 1924 tour de france , riders used cocaine and chloroform as performance enhancing drugs .	in 1919 he abandoned the tour because he wasn't allowed an extra glass of wine . that must have been some amazing fucking wine .
2 i want you to think of a word similar to " unamerican " that is uniquely french ... that should help you understand not being able to drink wine while	foreigners gonna foreign .

1 upon its release , twister was referred to as " sex in a box " by critics .	if that were true it'd sell infinitely more copies .

1 rick perry graduated from college with a 2.2 gpa	how does that compare to the gpas of redditors who think they could do better ?

1 nora fries didn't exist until heart of ice .	fries ? like potato fries ?

1 poison dart frogs are poisonous due to the diet . frogs raised in captivity are not poisonous .	i found that out when a friend shot me with a dart he had rubbed on his dart frog and i didn't die . he almost did though , i
2 some of my best friends are pygmy dudes and they would never do something like that	my friend is a 6 foot think guy that grows a pretty impressive viking beard .

1 elvis ' manager sold " i hate elvis " badges to make money from those who otherwise wouldn't have parted with their cash for elvis merchandise .	that reminds me of when brian bosworth ( famous / controversial american football player ) trash-talked john elway , so when the denver broncos ( elway's team ) played the
2 former football player ... or outstanding [ b-rated actor ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1bNfag1hosI )	that url tho edit : / r / thaturltho

1 blowjobs are illegal in malaysia and is punishable with imprisonment of 20 years maximum and whipping .	that was true in georgia until about 15 years ago , except for the whipping part of the sentence .
2 [ this was true in quite a few us states until about 15 years ago . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sodomy_laws_in_the_United_States )	i was under the impression that blowjobs were still illegal in florida ?

1 it's possible to fool norwegian vending machines by using a 10 syp coin which is 18 times less the value of ' the identical ' 20 nok coin	i don't think the technical term is " fooling " the machine . i believe this is called " theft " . lawyers , clarification please .
2 it's using counterfeit currency . the secret service would investigate .	i don't think baht is counterfeit , just foreign .

1 frank zappa's grammy-winning album jazz from hell received a " parental advisory " sticker even though it is a collection of instrumental pieces and contains no lyrics at all .	to be fair , this album * did * inspire me to kill in the name of satan .
2 you should try listening to it backwards .	yvan eht nioj

1 johnny cash inadvertently killed 49 endangered condors . when the judge asked cash why he did it , cash said , " i didn't do it , my truck did	bottom line . it was a vehicle malfunction that started the fire , not any maliciousness by him .

1 one " awesome blossom " appetizer from chili's has as much fat as 67 strips of bacon .	i think op is just trying to make us aware that chili's makes a bloomin ' onion , but calls it something different .

1 james randi said that after he is gone he does not want his fans to bother with a museum of magic named after him or burying him in a fancy	fun fact : ' every morning before he left home the illusionist james randi used to take a piece of paper and write on it “ i james randi will

1 at age 24 , thomas müller has now scored 8 goals in 7 world cup matches .	24 year old , 8 goals in 7 wc matches , he won cl , well well , i'm wasting my life ...
2 cl , bl , dfb cup , fifa club world cup ...	3x bundesliga and pokal champion already .

1 beavis and butt-head was blamed for the death of an 8 month old struck by a bowling ball thrown from an overpass . it was later discovered the ball-thrower didn't	is that why beavis and butthead did the episode where they tie a key to a kite and get hit by lightning ? that whole episode was about this subject

1 carl sagan was not an atheist stating " an atheist is someone who is certain that god does not exist , someone who has compelling evidence against the existence of	that makes me an apathetic agnostic . i don't know if a god exists , and i don't care .
2 agnostic	quite . thanks .

1 clint eastwood ran for mayor of carmel to overturn a ban on ice cream parlors . he won .	like a boss .

1 the reason humans look so different from apes is largely / mostly because of neotenic sexual selection	asian women like to edit wikipedia articles .

1 in 2000 , people magazine voted neil degrasse tyson " sexiest astrophysicist alive . "	he's pretty alright looking .

1 huey , dewey and louie's real names are huebert duck , deuteronomy duck and louis duck .	how can their names be real if they aren't real ?
2 how can mirrors be real if our eyes aren't real ?	how can a brain be trapped in a human skill but still operate a complete and complex functioning body

1 reporters without borders considers the uk an " enemy of the internet "	us and russia are on their shit list too .
2 yeah , i've got no idea why this post singled out the uk .	regularly deletes anything critical of the us , checkout / r / undelete some time for proof .
3 at any given time half the front page of til is some thinly veiled political attack on the us .	oh-noes !

1 hitler ordered for oxford not to be bombed as he planned for it to be the capital of his new kingdom .	never thought i'd say this but as someone sitting in a library in oxford right now and studying for an exam , i'd like to say " thank you hitler
2 i also have not bombed oxford , where's my thanks ?	cheers mate

1 the moon does not have a name , it is " the moon "	wait ... what ? ? ?

1 a silent version of velcro exists , but it is a guarded military secret .	yeah ... this is bullshit . i saw the first wave of " digital " camouflage fatigues wash over the marine corps while i was in . loud ass velcro

1 shortly before the great exodus from digg , the company laid off 37 % of its staff and installed an interim ceo .	i stopped reading digg because the front page turned into nothing but animal pictures & uninteresting or reposted content , and because the comment section was awful . it's been
2 idunno about you but alot of my front page is porn	[ alot ] ( http://hyperboleandahalf.blogspot.co.uk/2010/04/alot-is-better-than-you-at-everything.html ) is doing porn now ? edit : [ something like this ? ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uC7EvSv.png ) ( nsfw )
3 you need to draw it . ^ ^ ^ please ^ ^ ^ don't	i did the best i could .

1 after the capture of a serial killer of children , a police officer found his own daughter tied and gagged in the back of the killer's van .	he wouldn't be alive if that was my daughter , props to the officer for not losing his sanity on this guy
2 wouldn't you be in shock for a while ? by the time vengeance set in other cops would be on the scene .	that's your baby girl there with her head stuffed in a sleeping bag , sexually assaulted ... pretty sure i'd be ballistic

1 china has over 2,000 ballistic missiles aimed at taiwan as of 2010 .	this is why we have to invade china and taiwan
2 no , that's why you will never be elected .	no il'l be elected youl'l never be elected
3 hmm maybe ill have to run for president so idiots like you dont get in .	no you do'nt get in i get in

1 the infinite monkey theorem , stating that monkeys with typewriters and enough time could produce the entire works of shakespeare , has been tried out in real life . they	i've read a similar theory that if time and space are truly infinite in the sense of never having a beginning nor an end , then not only everything we've

1 jeremiah clarke , an english composer , couldn't decide whether to commit suicide by hanging or drowning himself , so he flipped a coin . the coin landed on its	i guess he didn't want to take it as a sign he shouldn't kill himself .
2 getting shot was probably the less painful choice compared to the 2 he set himself up with . not that i have tried .	hanging doesn't hurt

1 only 39 nuclear workers die on the job annually , compared with 6,400 coal workers . every year an additional 24,000 are killed by lung disease and 40,000 by heart	i am a nuclear power proponent , but you have to see the bias in these numbers . if you wanted better stats , you would look at [ deaths
2 even this would be biased as the real danger of nuclear power is not as much in operating the plant than in the nuclear waste and its unique lifetime .	no they couldn't ?

1 a berkeley student named george dantzig once mistook two unproved theorems that his professor wrote on the chalkboard as a homework assignment and ended up solving both within a few	fuck i can barely do the hw assigned to me .
2 i always checked to see how much hw was worth in relation to the final grade . anything around 5 % meant i was doing 1/2 the assignments . never	think of homework as getting marks to study , instead of a burden .
3 honestly , i'd rather not be graded on it . the homework is for my benefit , and , as an adult , i would like to be the one	there's already somebody who is qualified to determine whether or not you adequately understand the material , and that's your instructor . you don't know enough to know whether or

1 kevin carter committed suicide 3 months after winning the pulitzer prize for a photograph of a starving toddler being stalked by a vulture	his partner said it didn't happened the way people believe it did .

1 robert smith , frontman of the band the cure , famous for singing songs about love , heartbreak and breakups , has been with the same woman since they were	the same ... woman ? huh . really just assumed robert smith was gay
2 no , that's morrissey .	there are many , many other gay singers in the 80 ' s besides morrissey .

1 68 % of british muslims support the arrest and prosecution of anyone who insults islam .	to those who agitate for the idea of unrestricted immigration / multiculturalism : how do you reconcile your ideas with the fact that some immigrants actively oppose the basis of
2 are you religious ?	are you ? and what does that have to do with the question that was asked ? an idea is valid ( or not ) regardless of whether or not

1 thelma schoonmaker , martin scorsese's editor , when asked how it was that such a nice lady could edit such a violent movies , she answered , " ah ,	here's a bonus picture of her http://www.dvdclassik.com/upload/images/test-colonel-blimp3.jpg

1 shirley phelps-roper ( westboro baptist church ) is banned from entering the uk for " fostering extremism or hatred " .	i suddenly feel better about world .

1 the rolls royce merlin v12 aviation engine created so much thrust from the exhaust , engineers were able to angle the exhaust backwards to gain 10 mph in the spitfire	is this the same engine that would go into the p 51 ?

1 lsd is not retained in spinal fluid , and that it was none other than l . ron hubbard who started the myth .	hubbard was a big fan of all sorts of drugs ... uppers , downers , trips etc so he probably thought this shit up whilst high .

1 wd - 40 was originally developed to prevent corrosion in nuclear missiles	wd = water displacement . that was the intent , to displace water . that it has lubrication properties in light situations is useful , but beyond that , get

1 your left boob is usually bigger than the right because of it's close proximity to the heart .	best pick up line ever .

1 new commentators for fifa 12 ( sadly , still no ian darke )	i can dig this .

1 during wwii , a german and british aeroplane shot each other down in norway , and the crew met and then helped each other survive . two of them then	how is this not a movie ?

1 atlas was actually forced to hold up the sky in ancient greek mythology , not the earth .	i was also misled , ~ ~ i blame wishbone and every other hercules show that showed the episode of him holding a normal globe ~ ~ i was over

1 ... the beatles literally stopped touring because their music could not be amplified loud enough to compete with screaming crowd noise , even with custom , purpose-built amplifiers .	why do women relentlessly scream at concerts ? screaming seems like the oddest of reactions . i understand singing along to music and giving the occasional whistle or ' whoo
2 here's john telling the screaming girls to " shut up , or i'll kill you . " https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=6NErU1WTEUE#t=428s	wow , watching the whole video its like i was listening to a beatles concert with rolllercoaster tycoon in the background .

1 the korean dmz is an involuntary nature reserve and is home to extremely rare tigers and bears	gotta catch'em all !

1 the donkey kong in dk64 is actually donkey kong jr . all grown up & cranky kong is the original donkey kong from the arcade version of donkey kong	[ citation needed ]
2 i don't get the downvotes . it says , literally , " citation needed " right on the wiki . * * edit : * * was at 0 five	there's a citation farther down the page . apparently it's in the manual for donkey kong country .
3 i only see [ 15 ] which claims that donkey kong in dk country is cranky kong's son . i don't see one about the dk64 donkey kong . what	number 11 , which says : " " in his heyday , cranky was the original donkey kong who battled mario in several of his own games . " -

1 a 19th century surgeon once tried to amputate a patient's leg in under 150 seconds . in his haste , he also amputated his assistant's fingers and slashed through the	" hold my beer "

1 in 1940 , the germans conquered denmark so quickly , the danes didn't have time to formally declare war against them . they surrendered after 2 hours	how germany was so overpowering when soviet union had trouble occupying finland ?
2 germans had well equipped and trained soldiers and commanders with more strategic tools than " throw more men at it . " . also finnish people are about 5000 %	and the finnish people had norwegians helping them ;)
3 " of the 725 norwegians that volunteered to fight for finland , only 125 made to the relatively tranquil salla front and that just three weeks before the war ended	no coincidence the war ended just as the norwegians got there ;)

1 usaf major doug pearson is the only pilot that has shot down a satellite from orbit .	i read an article that a [ dc - 8] ( http://www.airspacemag.com/history-of-flight/I-Was-There-Boeing-Will-Never-Try-It.html ) flew past the sound barrier . i offer this factoid in return .

1 the parents in ferris buellers day off met onset and actually got married after filming	no happy ending though - they divorced in 1992 .

1 if momma did ' buy me a mockingbird ' she would be violating the migratory bird treaty act of 1918 , and would be subject to a fine of up	" also , let's not forget - let's * not * forget , dude - that keeping wildlife , an amphibious rodent , for uh , domestic , you know

1 when george washington passed away in 1799 , napoleon bonaparte personally gave a eulogy and ordered a ten-day requiem . in great britain , the entire royal navy lowered its	it's called respect . also , keep in mind , it would have taken months for them to get the word , and days to propagate the instructions within their

1 when lawyer jack thompson found out you can kiss other guys in the t-rated game bully , he wrote a letter to the esrb about it saying " good luck	oh my god , not this guy again ...

1 canada has specifically banned members of the westboro baptist church from entering the country .	i would actually like to point out that fred phelp's son nate phelps lives in calgary , he disavowed his fathers message . he is an advocate for gay rights

1 i was browsing feyenoord's wikipedia page and noted their entire team is dutch ( barring a player on loan ) . could they be the highest uefa rank team without	i have to give it to feyenoord for keeping to their roots , thats pretty cool .

1 - orson scott card only wrote ender's game to establish ender's character for his role in speaker for the dead .	ender's game is better by 5 or 6 miles yes that is a legitimate unit of book goodness

1 the riaa tried to sue limewire for $ 72 trillion in damages - - an amount of money larger than the entire planet's gdp .	i just got hit with nostalgia when limewire was mentioned . remember kazaa and napster ? downloading songs on a 56k modem . good times .
2 fuck that shit . anyone remember scour ? that was at least a couple years before napster . edit : http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scour_Inc . p2p before it was called p2p	dude , yes ! scour in the dorms , story of my life .

1 using cotton swabs or q-tips to clean out your ears has no medical benefits and instead poses definite medical risks .	no , but it does have the personal benefit of getting wax out of your ear and scratching that annoying itch .

1 the church of satan doesn't even believe in the devil , but merely in embracing one's carnal self .	as a satanist , not religiously just philosophically , it is very hard to tell people you are one . they instantly put you as an evil person who wants
2 i'm a laveyan satanist and i haven't really had any problems . people i tell are usually skeptical and ask about it so i explain the basics and then they	i live in the bible belt

1 sacha baron cohen received a letter from a lawyer saying he was being sued for $ 100,000 for his role in borat . the lawyer added " p . s	" in march 2012 , the parody national anthem from the film , which acclaims kazakhstan for its high-quality potassium exports and having the second cleanest prostitutes in the region
2 can't wait to see this til	it has been a million times .

1 otto von bismarck challenged a rival politician to a duel , but backed out after learning that his opponent choose to fight with two pork sausages , one infected with	so i assume its like in the princess bride , where they would mix up the sausages , and one of them would have to choose which sausage to eat
2 i'd figure it'd go something like this : a clever man would put the roundworm into his own sausage , because he would know that only a great fool would	you've made your decision then ?

1 in the united states , asians earn the highest average salary by race . ( repost-self )	asian americans are proof that hard work will get you much farther than simply whining about racial injustices .
2 the asians in america are here because they are the most fortunate ones from asia . the africans in america are here because their ancestors were kidnapped , enslaved ,	most of them were slaves before they were brought over . there was no " kidnapping " , they were purchased . do you think this was like family guy

1 napolean wasn't actually short . he was actually a taller than average . british propaganda portrayed him as shorter .	[ napoleon's " death mask " ] ( http://www.undyingfaces.com/Masks/NapoleonI.jpg )
2 quite a handsome fellow .	rufus sewell ...

1 washington state is the only state in the united states where assisted suicide , same-sex marriage , and cannabis use are all legal .	and that was the day all of reddit decided to move to washington .

1 during prohibition , the us government ordered poison be added to industrial alcohol to discourage consumption . people continued to drink it , so the government mandated more potent poison	one way to thin the herd i suppose
2 the intent most likely wasn't to kill off people that drank , but to get them to not drink in the first place .	yes , but by killing those too stupid not to drink it , the gene pool is improved .
3 that's horrible .	and pretty inaccurate . like most of the social-darwinism you find on reddit .

1 several hells angels members plotted to murder mick jagger after he called them out for fatally stabbing a black man at their free concert in altamont , california in 1969	same thing happened to the mongols when they tried to invade japan .

1 andrew jackson , in a duel , gave his opponent a free shot . hit in the chest , he returned fire , killing the man . later said "	he was insanely awesome , he had about nine duels during his presidency if i remember correctly . he later died of lead poisoning because of the two bullets in

1 industrial hemp , a material used in the making of over 5,000 products worldwide ( that's a lot ) , is illegal in the u . s . because it	been saying this my whole life . our declaration of independence is written on hemp paper for christs sake !

1 english mastiffs don't attack people who are threats , they use their size to pin them until a human they know arrives and tells them it's okay	aww how nice of them . so i can ride my bike around one without a leash , and believe their master about " he won't bite " ?

1 the 2008 film ' rambo ' provided a huge morale boost to the karen freedom fighters in burma , who even adopted dialogue from the movie ( most notably "	i really loved rambo and i am surprised it is not talked about more . it educated me about the atrocities being done in burma . now i know what
2 i learned about the cold war by watching rocky iv , when he single handedly won it by beating dolph lundgren .	that was a very tense couple of hours for our country .

1 after a student was suspended for wearing one of their tees , the band korn gave away hundreds of their shirts to a michigan high school . police actually helped	could someone post a link to a pic of the t-shirt that got the kid suspended ?

1 mullets are banned in iran	this breaks my achy breaky heart

1 army ants are used as " natural sutures " - their jaws are so powerful , natives staple wounds by forcing ants to bite them and break off the body	ah yeah , i'll just take death thanks .

1 due to concerns over the mistreatment of animals , guiness world records no longer accepts any submission regarding an animal's weight .	challenge ! you ever see the world record for largest woman ?

1 the disney channel doesn't accept outside ads . the only commercials it airs are for its own shows and disney products .	everyone who says this is obvious , only knows because they have watched it . i am well aware that the channel exists , but have never watched it ,

1 eurovision block voting 2001-2005	poland , ukraine and russia ? man , 2005 seems like a century ago ! nordics , belgium & netherlands bros for life !
2 > poland , ukraine and russia ? man , 2005 seems like a century ago ! i know , especially remembering last year when russia got essentially crucified .	that was sad : not that i liked the twins or anything ^ ( ... they were adorable ok ? ) . me and my polish friend were talking to

1 u . s . president andrew jackson once held an open house party at the white house at which he served a 1,400- pound ( 640 kg ) block of	this is mentioned in the tv show [ the west wing ] ( http://westwing.wikia.com/wiki/Big_Block_of_Cheese_Day ) . and last month the white house had its second [ big block of cheese
2 watching the west wing makes me wish i was american , sometimes . but then i remember that i am british and you lot are just colonials for me to	don't worry , you could still be an ambassador if you drink hard enough and forget to shave .

1 while high profile scientists such as carl sagan have advocated the transmission of messages into outer space , stephen hawking has warned against it , suggesting that aliens might simply	probably because that's what we would do .
2 christopher columbus theory .	we would invite them to thanksgiving ?

1 show producers gave a homeless man $ 100,000 to do what he wants ; within 6 months he had nearly spent all the money , and he eventually went broke	/ r / documentaries has been looking for this forever . apparently , showtime has no intention of ever playing it again , nor do they want to make it

1 the city of perth in western australia is geographically the most remote city in the world ( by land ) . the nearest city of more than 100,000 people is	and i must say , as an east coast australian , that's how we like perth .

1 the first female to circumnavigate the globe was a goat , affectionately nicknamed " the goat " , who traveled around the world twice with captains wallis and cook .	and cook wasn't even welsh !

1 the big mac wasnt always called the big mac . it was originally named " the aristocrat " , but people couldn't pronounce it . the indian version is called	all mcdonald's burgers in india are made with lamb . they don't eat cows .
2 its actually chicken	and i'm darth vader .

1 since its introduction in 1998 and extensive combat use , the only thing that's ever destroyed the british challenger 2 was another challenger 2 .	is it possible , as i saw in a zombie series very recently , to throw a grenade down the cannon ?
2 if the breach is closed , it would have no effect .	besides damaging the main gun at least a little

1 rep . tom moore jr . once submitted legislation to the texas legislature in favor of honoring notorious murderer albert desalvo “ for his work in ‘ population control ’	this sounds like it would be the plot to an episode of parks and rec .

1 gene roddenberry , creator of star trek , was once in a plane crash in the desert in syria . with two broken ribs , he repeatedly went back into	he had an insanely interesting life . he helped found the first civil air patrol in la prior to ww2 . in ww2 he flew bombing missions in the pacific
2 if arguments of star wars vs . star trek were on the merit of their creators this man would put that argument to bed .	star trek is unquestionably the better ' human ' story . i love star wars , but star trek is hope .
3 star wars was a vehicle for special effects and action . star trek was , at least under roddenberry , a vehicle for exploring the human condition .	bullshit . starwars explores personal growth and character devolopment . its focussed on the individual while star trek is focussed on society .

1 united kingdom and usa are the only two western countries that are listed as " enemies of the internet " .	where is cuba again ?
2 not considered a western nation .	it is not considered " western " by americans or europeans , because they use it as a synonnym for wealthy , but ask a cuban if they think they

1 : even with the bare minimum of driver training on its use , the british roundabout has been proven to be at least 20 % more efficient at moving traffic	we also have roundabouts that go around roundabouts ... and in the opposite direction to all other roundabouts . http://i.imgur.com/lTHXW4P.png http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magic_Roundabout_(Swindon)
2 i live in swindon and had to go over this for my driving test . i just followed a bus that was in front of me , didn't have a	pmsl , i can see your bemused but happy face . did you pass ?
3 yes i did which was surprising :)	well done .

1 the ussr actually decriminalized homosexuality 45 years before the first us state — and then re-banned it in 1933 under stalin .	i am beginning to think this stalin person is not a nice guy .

1 - in the mid - 1970s , there were bars in manhattan called juice bars that only served non-alcoholic drinks that catered to people who liked to dance on methaqualone	i miss quaaludes ... damm you ronny raygun .
2 who ?	reagan

1 7 million at magnaball ?	someone just fixed it .

1 mississippi is the only state in the us where open container is legal so long as the driver stays under the legal limit ( . 08 )	this is legal in very few counties in ms
2 it's still legal in gulfport .	the first time i heard of this was from a friend who lived on the coast , so that sounds right .

1 , when a pope dies , it is tradition to strike him three times on the head with a silver hammer to ensure he is actually dead .	i like how it has to be made of a precious metal and not just a normal hammer .
2 ok i've seen a lot of these comments . and i thought this myself , too . but it's a ceremonial hammer . imagine them hitting him with a hammer	it is ridiculous no matter what kind of hammer it is . roman catholicism is full of absurd arcane rituals , and i should know . my life started out

1 when legendary african king shaka zulu's mother died , he ordered no crops could be planted for the year , pregnant women were to be killed , no milk was	north korea is very similar to the zulu empire .
2 well , except for in one very important respect : north korea doesn't have a successful territory-conquering enemies-defeating army ( just a very big but extremely poorly equipped and hungry	> definitely not the same bite yea , it's kinda hard to bite when you have no teeth .
3 that was for the good of the country ! an amazing feat of social engineering .	and ultimate doomed to failure . zombies can infect you as well by scratching you as biting you .

1 alan tudyk ( aka wash from firefly ) , along with adam baldwin and nathan fillion voiced marines in halo 3 . these marines had personalities based on the three	no shit

1 : cersei lannister is sarah conner .	and she's queen giant nipples from 300 .

1 e . t . , blade runner , star trek ii : the wrath of kahn , poltergeist , and the thing were all released on the same month and	a year that also included tron , rocky 3 , conan the barbarian , fast times , rambo , ghandi , beastmaster , ... 1982 , best year for cinema
2 1984 ? indiana jones , terminator , ghostbusters , karate kid , police academy etc	red dawn !
3 man , i played so much red dawn in the woods behind my house . me and my friends knew that if the ruskies ever landed in our neighborhood ,	in soviet russia kids play you in woods and then leave you there to die . they know you capitalist american pig ever landed in their krai you no stand

1 president garfield's doctor was named ... doctor	gimme the news ... i got a bad case of - - loving you ? ? ? that's preposterous , my good man , now fetch me my jitney

1 clint eastwood was cast as two-face in the 1960s tv show , but it was canceled before he could appear .	his scowl face would make a perfect harvey dent

1 the fbi considers juggalos ( fans of the music group insane clown posse ) to be a " loosely organized hybrid gang "	i hope they don't label the kiss army a " loosely organized militia group " .
2 not as long as ace freeley the cat is a member . kiss is a loosely organized collection of furries .	peter criss was the cat .

1 james cameron plans on converting the second-highest grossing movie of all time , titanic , to 3d and re-releasing in april 2012 . wtf ?	fuck james cameron . he already blew his load of aliens and terminator so now he's giving us blue monkeys and rehashed 3d bullshit . he's a bigger budget john
2 this may be true , but i'm convinced within 30 years he will have built a movie studio on the moon ( or mars ) to film some space epic	subscribe me to your newsletter

1 learned when the soviets exhumed tamerlane's body in 1941 , they found an inscription in his casket that said " who ever opens my tomb , shall unleash an invader	hitler had been planning this invasion for a long time , right ? so the implication here is that opening the casket retroactively caused that plan ?

1 in 1987 , a prison inmate broke a glass partition and knocked out the lights in a visitation area to have sex with a woman who was visiting him .	" sorry , i didn't mean to have sex with that woman . i fell ! "
2 wow so much sorry wow didnt wow mean master with such woman wow fell	wow bad bot 0/10 such terrible wow

1 in the german version of die hard , all the terrorists are given english names .	sounds about right

1 upon death , israel kamakawiwoʻole's coffin lay for public grieving in the state capitol . this was the third time ever , and first for a non-government official . they	i hear the recording for over the rainbow is filled with errors or something . i think it's on his wiki page .

1 because of the success of ' the pruducers ' , titled ' springtime for hitler ' in sweden , all but two of mel brooks movies in swedish have been	i think this happens in many countries . for example in taiwan , many movies that schwarzenegger is in begin with 魔鬼 ( devil ) after terminator ( 魔鬼終結者 )

1 the most powerful gangs in the united states have a presence in the us military . gangster disciples , crips , bloods , 18th street , nortenos , black disciples	i served with a latin king member in afghanistan . its more common than you think .
2 my recruiter flat out told me i'd be joining the largest gang in the world . the problem is the pressures laid at the feet of recruiters , they will	being a recruiter is so stressful that persons serving in this mos are entitled to what is essentially a " combat stipend " .

1 most senior animators at disney chose to work on pocahontas rather than the lion king as many at disney had little faith in the project , leaving mostly first time	lion king is a better movie , but you're out of your mind if you don't think pocahontas has better animation . the " colours of the wind " sequence
2 the cloud part with mufasa in it was pretty awesome though , incredibly well done - but i don't know if that's animation / effects or where that line is	sex ...
3 sfx *	oh yeah ? well how do you explain [ this ? ! ] ( http://s1.hubimg.com/u/8320082_f260.jpg )

1 children in minnesota play ' duck , duck , grey duck ' instead of ' duck , duck , goose '	i'm a minnesotan and can confrim this

1 matt stone & trey parker had people warn them that there would be mormon protests surrounding their musical " the book of mormon " , but the church has had	honestly ive never met a mormon i didnt like

1 margaret thatcher was reportedly more proud of becoming the first prime minister with a science degree than the first female prime minister of the united kingdom .	nice try , jeb . she's still not going to make it on the 10 dollar bill .
2 probably his worst answer of the night . he couldn't think of any suitable american women ?	why are they trying so hard to put a woman on the $ 10 ? i'm a woman and i don't feel slighted at all that there isn't a woman
3 who says it's for you specifically ? maybe it's for all women ? maybe it's for those who struggled ? maybe it's for all the girls to come ?	maybe it's maybelline .

1 the first animal to ask an existential question was from a parrot named alex . he asked what color he was , and learned that it was " grey "	* gray
2 it's correct both ways	can confirm , am grey

1 the se-ga voice at the start of the sonic the hedgehog took up 1/8 of the cartridge space	source ?

1 former australian prime minister bob hawke was previously the world record holder for the fastest drinking of a yard of beer , when he drank a " yardie " in	[ ' ey , mistah prime ministah ! ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=HV_O3BA5e28#t=16 )
2 such a terrible episode . they couldn't even rustle up a single aussie accent for the entire thing .	oi cunt i'm australian and it's one of my personal favourites , just because the accents are off doesn't make it not good , ya dickhead

1 the last airbender received 5 awards : worst picture , worst director , worst screenplay , worst supporting actor , and a special award , " worst eye-gouging mis-use of	i have a theory . m night can only make a good movie as long as bruce willis is in it . if they cast willis as aang , this
2 http://i.imgur.com/AI61i.jpg edit : i don't deserve the gold at all , but thank you . i just saw this picture a few months ago and just popped into my head	take my money , all of it . if that's not enough , i'll throw in a small boat .

1 elijah wood was 18 when he started filming as frodo	i find it more interesting that he is a dj as well goes by the name of dj frodo or wooden wisdom

1 during and before ww2 , japan killed more innocent people than nazi germany	does it really matter who killed more ? regardless of how many they are all ( for the most part ) dead also the us was not the best example
2 " we committed a lot of rape " in the pacific or on the western front ? and i've never heard of us mass rapes or anything like i have	it was more common in the pacific if you live in the us you won't hear about it unless you do some looking ill see if i can find a

1 the man who shot pope john paul ii in 1981 is 55 years old , walking free after release in 2010 , and is probably insane .	francis is probably better off just befriending him now .

1 the population of ireland still hasn't recovered from the famine of 1845-1852 . it was at 8 million before the famine and is at 4.5 million today .	a lot of the population decline was due to mass emigration . after the famine , the population of ireland was around 6.3 million . however , the population continued
2 i mean they basically built america for a nickel an hour .	not as bad as having to build it for free .

1 clowns copyright their makeup designs on eggshells	easy to break that copyright

1 roller coaster tycoon was programmed by one guy . in assembly .	assembly is a bit weird to start programming in but its amazingly efficient and weirdly elegant .

1 , kim cattrall , while filming star trek iv : the undiscovered country , posed for photos on the enterprise bridge wearing nothing but vulcan ears . fearing harm to	/ r / yesyesyesno

1 don king brutally killed an employee that owed him $ 600 and only served a 4 year sentence	thats fuckin disgusting .

1 field marshal rommel was involved in the 20 july plot against hitler but , because of rommel's immense popularity , hitler decided to force him to commit suicide rather than	this till needs to be removed and fixed asap .

1 the us army is developing robot sniper helicopters .	in other news humanity is entirely and totally is fucked .

1 the largest nuclear power plant in the world is in ontario , canada and that their security force has won the u . s . national swat championship four times	hahaha i work here ! so weird seeing it on reddit .
2 used to work there ! where on site ? and doing what ?	seriously how does isis have so many redditors ?
3 but i actually did work there though . :( building b06 on restart !	at least it wasn't b33 .

1 after the french revolution some card games started to use the ace or 1 as the highest card which symbolized the lowest in society rising above the king	that's cool . i wonder what the story behind the 2 often being the highest card in chinese card games is .
2 as i understand it , this is for a similar reason : the peasant revolution . it symbolizes the peasants rising over the land owners . i have a theory	so why aren't the peasants the ace ? because the ace represents the capitalists that overtook the monarchy in power ?

1 angelina jolie purchased 60,000 hectares of cambodian land that was infiltrated by poachers and turned it into a wildlife reserve . some of the former poachers were employed as rangers	better hope those rangers stay happy with their salary .
2 they won't . they weren't poachers in the first place because they were poor unlucky joes trying to feed their families . they were just assholes who had enough money	peta hippie detected !

1 band of brothers was the most expensive miniseries ever with a production cost of $ 125 million until it's sister series the pacific was released in 2010 .	worth every penny .
2 both were	i agree , but are there any movies that relates to wars and is this good ? ?
3 black hawk down is good as well , jarhead was pretty decent from memory , plus there is [ this ] ( http://www.imdb.com/genre/war ) that could help you out as	jarhead sucked compared to bhd .

1 lawns have been a sign of great wealth since the middle ages . neighbors assumed you were wealthy if you had cultivated land , but didn't have to grow food	now they're a sign of people with too much time on their hands .
2 spare time is greatest form of wealth .	there's no such thing as spare time , there's no such thing as free time , no such thing as down time , all you've got is lifetime .. go
3 sounds like shitty advice ; what's the point of living if you can't even take some time to savour the sight of a freshly-mowed lawn ? so green and plush	eh , i agree with both of you . if you enjoy the the smell / sight of a freshly-mown lawn , then maintaining it isn't time wasted . i

1 the finnish are the most promiscuous , and new zealand is the only place where women are more promiscuous than men	as a female kiwi , i can confirm this . edit : i am in a long-term relationship , i confirm my friends ( when they are single ) are

1 on june 27 , 1844 , mormon founder joseph smith was murdered by an angry mob while he sat in a jail cell . the incident arose after smith ordered	everyone should read [ * under the banner of heaven * by jon krakauer ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Under_the_Banner_of_Heaven ) . it is the best and most intensive account of the hypocrisy

1 in 1974 egyptologists observed ramesses ii's mummy's condition was rapidly deteriorating and flew it to paris for examination . he was issued an egyptian passport that listed his occupation as	" however , a website run by the l'oréal group states that microscopic inspection by l'oréal researchers revealed that " the pharaoh was naturally blond and that he used a
2 it happens . a friend of mine is egyptian . she has very fair skin , green eyes , and blonde hair , just like her mom and one of	your friend being a blonde egyptian in the 21st century has absolutely zero relevance ... just a few things / people have changed between now and then in egypt .

1 homefront , a video game released in early 2011 , based on a war against a north korean global power , has so far successfully predicted both the year of	but can it see why kids love cinnamon toast crunch
2 okay , what the fuck is the deal about this cinnamon thing ? it's like with the " not since the accident " or the safes ..	clearly neo 7 can't see why kids love the taste of cinnamon toast crunch .

1 johnny depp , jude law , and colin farrell gave their entire salaries from the movie " the imaginarium of doctor parnassius " to heath ledger's daughter .	i have been trying to think of the name of this movie for the longest time . thank you !

1 in 2005 , the dea reported seizing $ 477 million worth of drugs , whereas the estimated value of drugs sold within and into the us is $ 64 billion	maybe off topic , the u . s should just legalize medicinal use of marijuana . one less thing to worry about .

1 andrew jackson , in a duel , gave his opponent a free shot . hit in the chest , he returned fire , killing the man . later said "	he would then go on to commit genocide against half my family . what a badass .

1 jane goodall to this day is the only human ever accepted into chimpanzee society	y'know it doesn't seem fair . we've accepted loads of chimps into * our * society . where do they get off being so selective . not cool , chimps

1 bill gates modified the code of his school's schedule program so he could sit in classes that were full of girls .	i did something like that too however i was caught when they realized i was 45 years old and didn't go to school .
2 / r / pedodadjokes	you lie to me
3 [ you lie to me ! ] ( http://youtu.be/zKQprrk7bZY?t=1m59s )	wha is this from ?

1 — an elected world leader can be an atheist - jens stoltenberg pm of norway .	what in the world made you think someone who is atheist couldn't be in that sort of position ?
2 because reddit frequently forgets the whole world isn't like america .	thank fuck for that because i like my food to be free from corn syrup .
3 note to future self : if i ever visit the us , try some food with corn syrup to find out what the fuss is about .	eat anything . it will have corn syrup in it . that's the problem .

1 in world war ii , american soldier john r . fox died when he deliberately called an artillery strike on himself . realizing that german troops were overrunning his party's	isn't there a movie about this ?

1 koi fish can live for centuries . one lived for 226 years .	get a turtle and a koi fish and you will never need a new pet
2 tortoise actually , most " turtles " as in aquatic turtles , live about 30 years or so , tortoises average 70 years , but the larger the tortoise ,	well il just have to eat a lot more junkfood to have them outlive me

1 if a bulldog ant is cut in two , the head starts fighting with the tail until one dies	do they fight punjabi-style ?

1 when a german hacker stole the source code for half life 2 , gabe newell tricked him in to thinking valve wanted to hire him as an " in-house security	wow a quick check of this thread and no one is throwing around the word entrapment , reddit surprises me .

1 billie piper ( the actress who played rose tyler in doctor who ) divorced from her wealthy husband , she opted not to claim any money from him , stating	what is it with celebrities getting married so god dammed quickly ? remarried the same year divorced ? no wonder so many of them have failed marriages , they're using

1 vampire bats will die if they can't find blood for two nights in a row . luckily , generous well-fed bats will often regurgitate blood to share with others ,	this is freaking me out , i just went over this in my evolutionary theories of psychology class . 4 hours ago . don't mess with me you were there

1 of princess olga of kiev who , after being courted by the same tribe that killed her husband , proceeded to bury the tribe's messengers alive before accepting the proposal	high intrigue score ?

1 the boring , monotone lecture ben stein delivers in ferris bueller was originally meant to be off-camera , but the student extras laughed so hard at his voice that john	supply-side economics , the greatest scam foisted on americans .
2 worse than keynesian economics ?	yeah , because keynesian economics actually work .

1 cat forelimbs are attached to the shoulder by free-floating clavicle bones , which allow them to pass their body through any space into which they can fit their heads .	sooo ... judging by the title i take it cats dislodge their joints when they squeeze through tiny spaces ? sounds very uncomfortable .

1 pablo escobar had more illegal money than they could deposit in the banks , storing it in warehouses he annually wrote off 10 % as ' spoilage ' when rats	at some point if you are writing off cash due to spoilage , why not just retire ?

1 bruce lee used edible marijuana on a regular basis	strange , i see no mention of it in that link ?

1 , on his deathbed , aldous huxley asked his wife for acid and she obliged him .	he originally asked for timothy leary to administer the acid , but he couldn't be there for whatever reason . this is according to leary's autobiography .
2 which is no longer in print . a complete shame , because it's the kind of stuff that can be turned into a motion picture with ease .	a shame indeed . one of the most entertaining books , let alone memoirs , i've read . he led such a wild , progressive life ; it makes me

1 the black kid that got shot in the face in pulp fiction went on to have a very extensive voice acting career ; including samurai jack , hermes conrad (	you mean the guy from mad tv ?

1 a 2005 poll concluded that 20 % of europeans still believe jews are responsible for the death of jesus .	yes because it's true

1 meatloaf's album " bat out of hell " is the fifth best-selling album worldwide , and has even out-sold albums by the eagles , fleetwood mac , led zeppelin ,	that's because it's awesome .

1 because oakland and san francisco were playing each other in the world series , few people were driving on the double-deck freeway when it pancaked during the 1989 loma prieta	the thumbnail made it look like it was built that way .

1 crows are monogamous and raise families together . offspring from previous seasons even remain with the family to help rear new nestlings .	more faithful than my ex wife

1 mountain dew was created to be used as a mixer for whiskey and the name was slang for moonshine !	my friend and i did this all the time in undergrad and people thought we were crazy ... vindicated at last !

1 coffee loses caffeine as it roasted , so a dark , " bold " cup of coffee actually has less caffeine than a lighter roast .	sssshhhhhushushush ! the tough guys who come into my shop and ask for a " large bold " might hear you ! how will they feel energized when they discover
2 perhaps they like the strong flavor of a dark roast ?	plenty of them , sure . but i find that they usually follow up with " need an extra boost this mornin , " or something very similar . i'll
3 the stronger taste , for me at least , is more of a boost than the caffeine . one first sip and i'm already more awake .	i can see that . however , i don't think the average coffee consumer knows that bold coffee contains less caffeine than less bold roasts .

1 when filming the movie titanic they only built the port side of the ship . scenes showing the starboard side were flipped in post production . as a result of	and all the actors had to learn their lines backwards . it's pretty impressive .

1 kellogg's corn flakes were originally invented to curb the urge to masturbate .	wow im from battle creek used to walk by that guys house everyday it also started in the insane assylum he was a doctor at with the founder of post

1 when the seinfeld finale aired , tv land paid tribute by not programming any shows opposite it , instead just showing a still shot of a closed office door with	this reminds of the truman show

1 kars 4kids , the car donation non-profit famous for its radio jingle , donates 100 % of its proceeds exclusively to jewish causes , including jewish education and summer camps	http://www.charitynavigator.org use this website to evaluate whether or not a charity you're considering donating to is worthy of your contribution .

1 for his role in animal house , donald sutherland was offered $ 35k + 15 % of the film's gross . thinking the film would be a flop , sutherland	i've not heard of animal house .

1 the novelist stephen king said that professor umbridge from the harry potter series is the " greatest make-believe villain to come along since hannibal lecter . "	stephen king has never heard of joffrey baratheon / lannister ( w / e you prefer )

1 jackie chan once shot over 2900 retakes for one scene .	i jackie chan
2 did someone call me ?	sorry bro . made on the spot ? going to have to work on that .

1 for wayne's world the studio wanted to use a guns n ' roses track instead of queen's " bohemian rhapsody " but mike myers fought to feature the queen song	he was also pissed when he saw the bohemian rhapsody music video with spliced in scenes from the film , claiming " we whizzed on a picasso . " he
2 what guns n roses track were they thinking of ? id like to play that track to it just for shits and gigles	mr.brownstone
3 that explains phil a little better .	if you're gonna spew ..

1 camels can drink 200l ( 53 us gal ) of water in 3 minutes .	now i want to host a camel drinking competition . the camel's owner would win a lifetime supply of camel cigarettes or something .
2 well in the uae they have camel beauty contests so there could be a market for a competitive event .	there is no way that this isn't a joke .

1 buzz aldrin once punched a moon landing conspiracy theorist in the face . the charges were dismissed , saying that he was provoked .	[ fighting words . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fighting_words#Chaplinsky_decision ) there are some things so offensive that you can punch someone if they say them to you . for example , if
2 i know just enough about fighting words to completely fuck myself over . " they were fighting words , your honour " " don't be a twat . guilty .	i prefer a southern accent . " thems is fightin words , son . "
3 i'd say that's more of just a cartoon version of a hillbilly . a southern accent would be more " thems fightin ' words " with the " figh "	as a southerner , i can confirm this .

1 hitler hid his relationship with eva braun because he believed that he was sexually attractive to women and wished to exploit this for political gain by remaining single , as	umm have you seen his uniforms ? the nazi's were terrible , but they wore hugo boss . sex appeal was definitely their thing .
2 they were easily the best dressed combatants .	haha makes me think of a german dude freezing to death outside moscow . * * " fuck it's so cold ! * * * at least i'll die sexy

1 dave mustaine , megadeth singer / guitarist , had to re-teach his left hand how to play guitar in 2002 . he was diagnosed with radial neuropathy after falling asleep	today i also learned dave mustaine became a jehovah's witness using pascal's wager .

1 - in 2004 and 2007 , the american customer satisfaction index ( acsi ) survey found that comcast had the worst customer satisfaction rating of any company or government agency	who cares ? revenue streams maximized .

1 in densely populated urban areas the chance of rain gets higher during the course of the week , up to 22 % more .	heat islands . there is more concrete in large cities , which gives off more heat . rising hot air creates both cumulus and cumulonimbus clouds .

1 ben roethlisberger didn't play qb until his senior year in high school because his coach wanted to play his son instead .	i always say this is why we have a shortage of elite qbs in the nfl . it's because in every single community in america , the dad with the
2 lol , i have a hard time believing the problem is that prevalent for it to be the reason behind the lack of elite qbs .	if nothing else , america's still producing way more elite nfl qbs than most of the other countries .

1 when a german hacker stole the source code for half life 2 , gabe newell tricked him in to thinking valve wanted to hire him as an " in-house security	he is a long time redditor . enjoy this read . http://www.reddit.com/user/ichundes here's his [ ama ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/fpkav/the_boy_who_stole_halflife_2_fascinating_article/ )
2 ouch , inbox exploding :)	i read the ama ... bummed about diablo iii ?

1 the writers of parks & rec wrote in ron swanson's alter-ego as duke silver before they even knew nick offerman was an accomplished saxophonist .	at this point , i'm beginning to think that ron is not actually a fictional character . he has always existed as nick offerman .
2 he literally fits the role exactly ... i don't think an actor has ever been more perfect for a role .	nathan fillion ?

1 the beastie boys coined the term " mullet "	now i definitely feel old .

1 band-aids emit a blue flash of light when pulled apart - visible to the human eye when you do it in the dark !	psh way ahead of you ... my brother and i discovered this in the 90s and proceeded to open an entire box of bandaids and plaster them all over our

1 miyamoto musashi , 17th century japanese swordsman , twice arrived late to duels and defeated both opponents . upon his next duel , he arrived early , and ambushed the	if i recall from somewhere or another , he arrived late to annoy his opponents and as such cause them to make mistakes due to their anger .
2 that and to catch the tide since one of his duels took place on an island . being late allowed him to finish the duel ( i think he killed	man that is a shitlot of parentheses .

1 a man in nebraska is breeding red cows and sending them to israel in hopes of a pure red heifer being born there ; such an event will allegedly prompt	the fact that people actively want to reach the end of the world scares me . they're like kefka from final fantasy vi , only , ya know , a
2 however , at the end we who were in the right with god will go to heaven , the others will suffer in hell till god destroys it .	do you honestly believe that or was that a joke ?
3 i believe in god and whats written in the bible ( mostly ) thereby think that is what is going to happen . but hey think about it this way	you think those are the only two choices ? what about the thousands of other gods people have believed in ? how do you know you've chosen the right one

1 during the iran hostage crisis , american embassy staff tried to burn classified documents but the furnace malfunctioned , forcing them to use cheap paper shredders . after the takeover	one word , * argo *

1 monsanto , the biotechnology company known for their gmo foods and seeds , was also one of the leading producers of agent orange during the vietnam war	... and ibm inadvertently helped the nazis with their " final solution " . how is it relevant in hindsight ? if they new of the side effects ... that's

1 arnold palmer and mr . rodgers grew up in the same town - latrobe , pa	redditor from latrobe here . i'll try and snap pics of mr . rogers childhood home and arnold's current residence . also , fun fact . the local swimming pool

1 jackie kennedy wore her blood-splattered pink chanel suit for the rest of the day after jfk's assassination . when asked to change her outfit , she replied " i want	it's amazing how often you see related posts on reddit in a day . was this factoid found by research started by the earlier post comparing simpsons images to the

1 " ee-i-ee-i-o " started as " in ohio-i-o " .	i want to hear the grandpa ali version

1 on its way back from deployment in the persian gulf in 2002 , the aircraft carrier uss john stennis stopped in freemantle , australia , where her sailors wore out	i was there :) i don't understand why so many people went to the brothels , it was so insanely easy to sleep with the local girls . i'm not
2 australian women love american men .	i know where i'm going on vacation next .
3 hint : you have to also be above-average looking .	aww thank you :)

1 the united states accounts for 44 % of the world's gasoline consumption .	the united states is big . really big . you just won't believe how vastly , hugely , mindbogglingly big it is . i mean , you may think it's
2 that , plus we have a lot of people who live in housing developments in the middle of nowhere , and must drive cars due to shitty public transit .	and in turn , the public transit is shitty because they settle in the middle of nowhere .

1 philips screws were designed so the screwdriver slips out to prevent over-tightening	preeeetty sure i just read that entire wiki

1 south korea was one of the poorest countries in the world and a basket case economy in 1960 , with a gdp per capita of $ 79 ( poorer than	it's difficult to see today why anyone in the south supported the north's invasion during the korean war . people forget that korea as a whole was a much poorer
2 wasn't nk more economically successful for the first few years , because of foreign assistance ?	i think most of the infrastructure was in the north before the korean war .

1 stanley kubrick , with four films in afi's top 100 , only won a single oscar ... for best special effects .	remember , kids , saving private ryan lost best picture to shakespeare in love . citizen kane never got an oscar . it's all a joke .
2 forrest gump beat the shawshank redemption and pulp fiction . challenging movies don't go down too well with the academy . ditto , broke back mountain .	no country for old men ... even though it lost to the real best picture , there will be blood .

1 humans can survive indefinitely on a diet of just potatoes and butter	from [ livestrong.com ] ( http://www.livestrong.com/article/282286-milk-potato-diet/ ): " he ( cecil adams ) concluded that eating eight pounds of potatoes and drinking one gallon of milk daily would provide all
2 quick ! where do i get some molybdenum ! edit : someone stick a cucumber in me , quick !	got one ! which end ? ! ! !
3 i don't know ! the wiki article didn't ' say ! better be safe ...	someone get this cucumber a condom , stat !

1 dave grohl played every instrument and sang every vocal on the foo fighters ' first album . the only reason he put the band together was so he could tour	i'm getting older because i thought everyone knew that

1 subway's most popular sandwich , the italian bmt , is named for ' brooklyn manhattan transit ' , literally a subway	paging / r / hailcorporate

1 jehovah's witnesses have falsely predicted the end of the world 20 times .	everytime they make a wrong prediction , the world survives another million years

1 an identity thief stole the identity of a surgeon and while aboard a navy destroyer was tasked with performing several life saving surgeries . he proceeded to memorize a medical	" the canadian military declined to press charges " . so damn nice of them .
2 sorry	" we're so sorry for making you do that . we didn't know you weren't actually the doctor , and just stealing his identity . sorry . "

1 michael keaton refused 15,000 , 000 to play batman forever because tim burton was dropped as its director .	why do people keep acting like burtons abominations were any good ? at least schumachers movies were funny . dark knight > forever > begins > & robin > rises
2 not to mention , ignoring batman , burton has made some awful films . why do people hold him in such high regard ? alice in wonderland . dark shadows	because they're filled with : such magic , whimsy , wonder and helena bonham-carter ; tilted camera zoom ins ; pumping up and down set pieces ; effron toot-toot-toot-toot'ing ,
3 such sarcasm !	iz very true though : tb is very style over substance , relying on known fables and narratives so he can just focus on making set pieces oversize and disproportionate

1 melinda duckett committed suicide following an interview with nancy grace regarding the disappearance of her son .	i hate nancy grace . i hate nancy grace so much . if nancy grace were on fire , and i was holding a glass of water , i would
2 if nancy grace * wasn't * on fire , and i was holding some matches and gasoline ...	i'd drink all that too !

1 the 1998 sci-fi film " lost in space " is referred to by some as " the iceberg " because it ended titanic's 15 - week run as number one	that movie is no pluto nash .

1 a roman dictator , cincinnatus , was made a dictator while he was plowing his fields . after saving rome from rival tribes , he humbly returned to his farm	i would like to thank my high school world history class for this post .

1 in 1964 , during their first american tour , the beatles refused to play their scheduled concert in jacksonville until the audience was desegregated	good band beatles .

1 swedish author stieg larsson never married his partner eva gabrielsson because under swedish law , couples entering into marriage are required to make their addresses ( at the time )	so you rent an apartment for the few months leading up to the marriage , provide that for the records .

1 there were 6 assassins sent to kill archduke franz ferdinand and 1 of them threw a bomb that exploded under the wrong car . his assassination failed , he took	a bacterial infection got him not long after : > as he was still a minor , he was not executed , but was sentenced to twenty years in prison
2 serious question , why did they chose a bunch of 18 - year-olds to kill franz ferdinand ?	i could be wrong but i'd imagine 18 back then was considered a little more mature than nowadays . still a wonder why they wouldnt use someone with more experience

1 sniper bullets can travel for so long , the rotation of the earth will move the target	did you not think everyone on reddit hasn't seen the mark wahlberg classic movie ; shooter .

1 in switzerland , rabies has been virtually eradicated after scientists placed chicken heads laced with a vaccine in the swiss alps . the foxes of switzerland , proven to be	i'm sorry . this may be a stupid question . but if rabbies isn't able to be cured or treated once you catch it , how can there be a

1 a right whale's testicle can weigh up to 500kg . the largest of any animal .	ok , so i can't be the only one who read that as " til a whale's right testicle can weigh up to 500kg " .
2 i think due to the ambiguity of this sentence , the two sentences could conceivably be interpreted as having the same meaning . what i mean by this is ,	in that case , the right would have been a misplaced modifier since in this case it modifies " whale " rather than " testicle " . :D
3 put parentheses around " whale's testicle " -> order of operations / pemdas problem ? :-P	ah , i see what you mean , now !

1 voodoo doughnut , a doughnut shop in portland , used to sell doughnuts glazed in nyquill and others packed with tums and pepto until local health officials ordered them to	i live in portland and now they just sell maple-bacon bars , bubblegum donuts , cereal donuts , ghosts stabbed with pretzel sticks , two different types of giant donuts
2 also the cock n ' balls . a gigantic penis and testicles shaped donut filled with custard .	gimme some of that nut custard

1 bear grylls is wrong . when dehydrated in a survival situation , you should not drink your own pee . it actually worsens the situation rather than being beneficial .	you can always drink someone elses . for life , fun , or profit

1 70 % of people in the uk support capital punishment . representative democracy ?	i support the death penalty to show that murder is wrong .

1 after christopher reeve's injury , robin williams burst into his room in the icu in full scrubs and claimed he was a proctologist and that he was going to perform	reasons to not do a rectal exam 1 ) no finger 2 ) no rectum 3 ) no glove

1 before the adoption of the word ' penis ' into the english language , the penis was referred to as a ' yard ' .	well , guys do like to exaggerate

1 filming for rage against the machine's " sleep now in the fire " music video forced the new york stock exchange to shut its gates after band members attempted to	the most ironic thing i've ever seen was a high school band play " killing in the name " wearing matching t-shirts . * * fuck you i won't do

1 a lawyer was trying to prove , in a murder trial , that someone shot themselves , accidentally . while the lawyer was reenacting it he accidentally shot himself and	[ til ] ( http://i.imgur.com/UiEww7Z.jpg )

1 the circular huddle used in todays american football was created by paul d . hubbard , a deaf quarterback , so the other team could not read his hand signals	i take it he couldn't speak ... wouldn't think he would need to give hand signals because he's the only one giving the orders in the huddle . i've known

1 hip-hop mastermind immortal technique established an orphanage in afghanistan in 2008 funded by the profits from his album " the 3rd world "	really one of my favorite lyricist . not just in the hip-hop genre , but overall . i encourage you guys to listen to his music , its pretty damn
2 dance with the devil gave me chills . he makes * pop * ular rappers look like a goddamn joke .	they are a joke

1 japanese women would keep flushing continuously to mask the sound of them urinating and so devices were introduced which would keep producing the sound of flushing after activation in almost	> however , some women believe that the otohime sounds artificial and prefer to use a continuous flushing of the toilet instead of the recorded flush of the otohime .
2 it's japan ... they have people that fuck up your teeth with reverse braces because snaggle teeth are " cute " ... they have vending machines with used panties in	recently came back from japan . missed the panty vending machine . i figured akihabara would have it but no .
3 because they don't exist . you can ( maybe ) find one with clean clothes in them , but you're about 20 years too late for anything like that .	yes all of that has moved online . / r / pantyselling

1 : johnny knoxville comes from significant inbreeding .	y'know , if i had to guess one celebrity who was the product of inbreeding he would have been one of my top guesses .
2 right after i read that i sat back and thought , " yeah ... i could see that . "	my only thought was " well ... that explains a lot . "
3 seems as though his inbreeding is over since he is infertile , since his balls have been hit more than a boxer's face . edit : word	he has 2 kids . one's name is rocko . i saw them at disneyland this past fall .

1 jimmy carter had solar panels installed on the white house ... and ronald reagan had them removed .	jimmy carter is one of the most under-rated presidents in history imo . he was a true pacifist and one of the few presidents that didn't try to impose his
2 you do understand that , besides the foreign policy , his administration sucked at most everything else .	i really admire carter as a person , but he was an ineffectual president . irishman is right , but of course he gets downvoted here .

1 a doctor was given an award for discovering a new cure for hiccups : digital rectal massage .	there couldn't be a better thumbnail than that one , op . good work .

1 volkswagen owns audi , bentley , bugatti , lamborghini , porsche , and ducati	that seems like a bit of an oxymoron : a car company that no one wants to buy from owning cars that everyone wants .

1 mr . t's gold chains were taken from the people he beat up as a bouncer ; he wore them openly so they could come back to get it .	mr . t is one of the only guys who is still cool , despite being religious . he some how transcends that shit . that is another level of
2 " being religious " is a bit like being a redditor . there are those whose lives revolve around it , and they won't shut up about some stupid shit	very insightfull

1 of rick rescorla , morgan stanley's head of security at the world trade center , who predicted the 1993 bombings and the 2001 attack . he ignored the port authority's	so eerie reading his bio . it's almost as if he was meant to save those people , like he spent his whole life training leading up to that moment

1 during the first few minutes of the hunt for red october the film switches from russian to english . the switch occurs on the word " armageddon " , which	nu par ruski ?
2 " new pa-rah "	buckaroo ?

1 tickling was a form of torture used in ancient china on nobility because it left no mark and recovery was quick .	i think my so might have a [ tickle fetish ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tickling_fetishism )

1 the last duel in canada was between two men who were so terrified of dueling , one fainted and the other was seized by horror . the guns were also	" honour has been satisfied . also , as gentlemen , neither of us shall ever reveal that the other filled his trousers at the moment of truth . "
2 " sorry . "	" eh . "

1 if you don't identify as an " extrovert " or " introvert , " you might be an " ambivert . " an ambivert is moderately comfortable with groups and	ah yes , everyone .
2 but we need to make everything sound more complicated !	they're not pedophiles ! they're ephebebebbeophiles !

1 : duct tape should never be used for taping ducts	that's misleading because they classify duct tape as any fabric tape with an adhesive back . actual tape used in hvac is still called [ duct tape ] ( http://www.packagingtapeinc.com/packaging-supplies/tapes/specialty-tapes/aluminum-foil-tape/hvac-duct-joint-foil-tape.html
2 when i worked in hvac we called duct tap duct tape . we called the tape we used for sealing ducts metal tape .	and it sticks to everything ... once

1 the color purple is effectively banned in israel , because the author alice walker declined to allow publication and distribution as part of the boycott , divestment and sanctions movement	this title is misleading . the book hasn't been banned . the book has been withheld or withdrawn from publication due to a boycott . these are very different things

1 steed malbranque retires from football at 31 to take care of his son who has been diagnosed with cancer .	steeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeed sad to see it happen .

1 the fastest cancellation of a tv show belongs to australia's naughtiest home videos , which was pulled midway through its first episode	didn't " heat vision and jack " get cancelled before the pilot could air ?
2 it was never picked up , so it was never cancelled . there are hundreds of pilots every year that don't get picked up .	like fox force five .

1 andy kaufmann , as a condition of accepting cbs's offer to star on the show taxi , required that they hire one of his characters - tony clifton - to	taxi started on abc and ended on nbc . it was never on cbs .

1 the longest ever recorded sniper kill was shot from 2,475 meters or 1.54 miles away by british coh craig harrison . the bullet took over 6 seconds to reach its	wow thats crazy , check [ this ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/47/S%26B_P4_reticle_at_25x_zoom_with_1.8_m_%286_ft%29_tall_man_standing_at_2%2C475_m_%282%2C707_yd%29.png ) out . its from the wki , look at how small his target would've been . the old saying
2 [ decided to animated it . ] ( http://i.imgur.com/praowTl.gif )	bullet should rise before the fall ... with a shot like that , it'd probably rise quite a bit . as a side note : my neighbor is currently brutally
3 if it wanted to break physics then yes , otherwise no . bullets do not rise above the initial trajectory , ever , they always fall .	[ see here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rifleman's_rule ) - rifleman's rule

1 if one attempted suicide ( by hanging , for instance ) in 19th century britain and failed to die , he / she would be charged with attempted murder ...	honestly i think that because a gov't cannot make any money off of you once your dead is the main reason why suicide is frowned upon .
2 correct . the state invests a minimum amount in your education and well being and depends on you to pay it back via taxes . if you kill yourself ,	which is bullshit because they teach us what they want us to learn .

1 coca-cola deliberately designed tab clear to fail , in order to tarnish the public perception of pepsi's rival clear soda and ultimately sink both products .	i remember liking pepsi crystal but then again i was only 8 so ...

1 roger ebert on adam sandler's punch-drunk love performance " sandler , liberated from the constraints of formula , reveals unexpected depths as an actor ... you can imagine him in	i still feel sandler brings that to all his roles . he's really amazing when you just see him as an actor

1 it takes over 1,000 years in man hours to construct a single virginia class nuclear submarine	total man hour calculations are always a little mind blowing . i read a statistic somewhere about total man hours played in wow , and it would be the equivalent

1 andrew jackson once let a dueling opponent shoot first . jackson took a bullet to the ribs and then proceeded to carefully aim and kill his opponent with his shot	like a ~ ~ boss ~ ~ president .

1 nearly every top mcdonald's monopoly prize from 1995-2000 was fraudulently won by a group of insiders	i worked for this company at the time ( although my division had nothing to do with the mcdonald's account ) and this whole thing just sucked . one guy
2 [ hey now ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/KKyZS.gif )	yeah , but when he fucks up , boy does he fuck up big time .

1 although pancreatic cancer is usually deadly , steve jobs had the one variety that's curable . but for nine months , he refused treatment and instead tried a vegan diet	you know what they call alternative medicine that works ? medicine
2 you know what they call a good diet and healthy lifestyle ( e . g . veganism and regular exercise ) ? preventative medicine .	prolonging the inevitable ?

1 the entire goldeneye 007 game on n64 is only 12 mb .	who else remembers when a game would fit on a * floppy disk ? *
2 jazz jackrabbit !	desert strike .

1 mr . rogers made a legendary emmy acceptance speech that shut everybody up	at least some part of the man i am today i owe to mr rogers . i wish there were somebody like him today to influence current generations .

1 a man named tsutomu yamaguchi was on a business trip in hiroshima when the atomic bomb dropped . he was wounded , but returned to his hometown of nagasaki ,	the sad part is everyone hated him , because not really knowing what was going on people got really scared of victims thinking it might be contagious . and being
2 maybe they were afraid of him because america was dropping atomic bombs specifically to get this guy . they didn't want to be in the blast radius .	they tried to nuke him twice and missed both times . guy knows where to be at the right time . " nukes ? i'm not worried - not as

1 matt damon and ben affleck inserted an oral sex scene between the two professors in good will hunting to see which studio executives actually read the script . harvey weinstein	http://i.imgur.com/et4naKC.gifv
2 for some reason i don't remember a scene with him rifling through tons of papers . what movie was that in ?	x-men

1 the beastie boys coined the term " mullet " to refer to a hairstyle in 1994 in their song " mullet head " . no earlier use of the term	the track is on the clueless soundtrack . i remember stealing the cd from my sister a bunch of times just to listen to that one song .

1 : canadians eat more donuts per capita than any other country .	i live in canada , there are two hortons within a block radius of my house . they are always busy .

1 when nestlé declined an offer to watch his film about the exploitation of african children to harvest chocolate , director miki mistrati set up a large screen next to their	its all candies and chocolates until you realize it comes at the cost of dying children . i have / will forever avoid nestle , which just means i need
2 not enough bro . a boycott of nestle would be difficult . here's * * [ the list ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Nestl%C3%A9_brands ) * * of companies they own . as	i see why they would be an extremely difficult company to take down ... they make everything we consume . jesus fucking christ they even most of the water brands
3 did you look at the petfood ? i'd have to switch my animal to a raw food diet.if i wanted to boycott .	check out sprouts if you have one near . that's where i get my pet food from .

1 the number of chinese killed by the japanese during ww2 is greater than the number of jews killed in the holocaust	the thing is . every chinese person knows about this . have fought for this . been vocal about this . my family has been promoting awareness of the atrocity
2 there's been bad blood between the chinese / koreans / japanese for hundreds of years . seriously it's time to stop getting angry about this . it's over . the	well said ! western students learn a lot about nazi war crimes , but they aren't taught to hate german people ...

1 eating asparagus makes your urine smell different , but only 22 % of people have the genes to detect it	i call bullshit

1 in wisconsin , you can can go into a bar at any age and drink , so long as you're with a consenting parent , legal guardian , or spouse	i did this all the time with my dad growing up , he'd bring me with him down to the tavern after work and i'd have a sam adams ,

1 only two people at kfc know the secret recipe of 11 herbs & spices and they are not allowed to travel together on the same plane or in the same	wait , they keep it in a safe * and * they can't fly on the same plane ? that ... doesn't make any sense . if the plane crashed

1 the canada-us border is the largest undefended border in the world .	the reputation of the mounties is enough to scare anyone .

1 wayne's world was responsible for starting the phrase " that's what she said " and the " not " joke	[ pop goes the weasel-third bass ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HzXI_ApY4dY )

1 in 1978 , a us navy ship was attacked by an unknown species of giant squid . nearly all of the cuts found on the sonar dome contained remnants of	it was known as the " bay of nope " incident .

1 the man third in succession for the presidency of the united states once pried a live grenade from his arm after it had been blown off and then continued to	can someone explain what it means in the title by " pried a live grenade from his arm after it had been blown off " ? ? i can't picture

1 one of frank abagnale's ( catch me if you can ) first cons was to buy a security guard costume , and place a sign over a bank drop box	huh , looks like mr . wednesday stole that trick from a mere mortal .
2 for anyone not in on the reference , the character mr . wednesday is from neil gaiman's * american gods * and it comes highly recommended .	also being made into a show for those interested .

1 to be a london black cab driver , one is expected to know over 25,000 roads and 50,000 points of interest and pass a test called " the knowledge "	they charge you an arm and a leg too . but worth it

1 steve jobs is buried in an unmarked grave	im going to follow his family to the grave and then sharpie his name onto it ... suck it steve jobs for making me pay hundreds of dollars for a
2 > making me pay hundreds of dollars for a phone that's what you get for being an apple-worshiper !	who said i was an apple worshipper . i dont even own an apple product

1 - at the age of 15 , jim carrey and his family were so poor that they were all living out of a van , with jim having to quit	that also explains him saying “ i hope everybody could get rich and famous and will have everything they ever dreamed of , so they will know that its not
2 this is one of the very few things that make me absolutely hate him . fuck you , money makes up 90 fucking percent of my issues . no shit	i also hate when people say money cant buy happiness . bullshit . if i was rich i can think of hundreds of things to do that would make me

1 after discovering his hotel alias , michael jackson used to prank call russell crowe and say things like " ' is mr . wall there ? is mrs . wall	huh . that's interesting . i used to prank call my friend in the first grade as michael jackson and tell him he's won a million dollars . then his

1 the first animal to ask an existential question was from a parrot named alex . he asked what color he was , and learned that it was " grey "	> ... if he said “ wanna banana , ” but was offered a nut instead , he stared in silence , asked for the banana again , or took
2 parrots have the emotional maturity of korean heiresses .	took me some time to figure it out [ but ... ] ( http://m.imgur.com/gallery/XS5LK )

1 many phrases in english come from literal translations of chinese phrases , such as " long time no see " , " no go " , " lose face "	the words " smithereens " and " galore " are the irish words " smidiríní " which means tiny little pieces and " go leoir " which means lots or
2 basically most american english slang and curse words came from gaelic .	caic .

1 in japanese ettiquette , chopsticks are not to be crossed on a table as it symbolizes death	does this apply to chinese too ? they have a great resemblance in culture with the japanese
2 when asian buddhists are cremated , the monks who take the bones out of the deceased's ashes use a special pair of long chopsticks . when the monks are finished	only if the casserole was served in a tiny coffin .

1 gene wilder refused to watch the 2005 remake of willy wonka because he didn't want to be disappointed in johnny depp	i'm the only person on reddit who likes the 05 version .
2 it's a circlejerk , people don't hate it as much as they are saying but they want to fit in .	nope . i hated it a lot .
3 behold ! a beautiful circlejerk specimen in his natural habitat . notice how he tries to fit in .	jesus man . a lot of people thought it was crap . you're the arrogant one here .

1 during filming of " super mario bros . " bob haskins ( mario ) and john leguizamo ( luigi ) were so unhappy working on what they knew to be	i remember walking out of that movie and saying to my dad " that's awesome that there's going to be a sequel ! " he looked at me and said

1 ironically , the french flew the white flag as a symbol of military command .	and yet .. > france has participated in 168 major european wars since 387 bc , out of which they have won 109 , drawn 10 and lost 49 :
2 their pre franco-prussian war record was great , after it's pretty awful . 1 . franco-prussian war : crushed by the prussians 2 . ww1 : defensive standstill on french	but ww1 and ww2 aren't really relevant . even the best army of the time wouldn't have been able to beat the germans . it wasn't really that their army

1 north korea captured a u . s . ship , the u . s . s . pueblo , in 1968 . north korea maintains the ship as a tourist	the title is wrong ... the ship isn't there anymore according to latest satellite images . they removed it without reason . unless they returned it to its tourist location
2 i think that a ( shitty unkept ) 1968s ship is the strongest ship in there navy . or they broke it down to scrap and sold it .	psa but they sunk ( likely ) a south korean ship with submarine launched torpedoes . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_active_North_Korean_ships though a single us carrier battle group would carry far far more firepower
3 subs , even north korean ones are hard to see .	their romeo class sing like an orchestra to modern sonars . most of their subs are 1960 ' s soviet union tech that is beyond obsolete . its the mines

1 rickman has been with his first girlfriend since 1965 - when he was 19 years old	> in 1965 , at the age of 19 , rickman met 18 - year-old rima horton , who became his first girlfriend and would later be a labour party
2 he dated her for 12 years before moving in with her ?	i've been dating my girlfriend for almost 6 years now , and we still aren't moving in together for a couple more months .
3 well now i feel reckless and irresponsible for moving in with my so after being together like 10 months before moving in together and now we're buying a flat together	hey . my boyfriend started spending every night at my place since the first night . i'm surprised we've been together past 6 months with such minimal conflict . it

1 not only are rob mcelhenney and kaitlin olson ( mac and dee from it's always sunny in philly ) married in real life , but they even own a bar	also charlie and the waitress are married in real life ! and danny devito and glenn howerton have also had sex countless times .

1 stephen hawking has survived for over 50 years after being diagnosed with a disease that only 4 % of people survive 10 years with .	i've always wondered if he was an anomaly . i wonder what they attribute it to
2 it's mostly the care he receives . because he's such an accomplished physicist , he's received extra care . still , his survival is most impressive and it should not	people frequently underestimate the power of money when it comes to living a long time . standard health care only does what is practical . you can live an amazingly
3 have an opposite argument here . carlos slim's wife died of cancer and not even the richest guy on earth could save her .	carlos slim can just buy another wife though , so the statement's true ?

1 " to learn who rules over you , simply find out who you are not allowed to criticize . " is not a quote from voltaire . it comes from	so it actually is the jews ?

1 : when railway tycoon george pullman died in 1897 , his family was so afraid that his corpse would be desecrated by employees , they buried him at night in	the brotherhood of sleeping car porters was the first black labor union . great story , for anyone interested in it . http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brotherhood_of_Sleeping_Car_Porters and yes , pullman was a royal

1 mythbuster's jamie hyneman ran away from home at the age of 14 and then hitchhiked all over the us . after that he is now a certified diver , wilderness	to become successful , i must run away from home
2 the thing is , he's not famous for any one of those things . he probably did ok at them all , and then decided that he didn't want to	yeah , like drake for example . he started from the bottom , and now he is here .

1 pasty white skin was considered more attractive until the 1920 ' s when coco chanel accidentally got a sunburn while on vacation and people started to emulate her .	pale white looks much better to me than tan . especially fake tanning cream or excessive tanning ; yuck

1 16 % lithuanian people are hiv resistant .	any geneticists have a clue what the mechanism of this resistance might be ? i sortof recall from intro bio that the ratios of phenotypes can give a clue as

1 john c . mcginley ( the actor who played dr . cox in scrubs ) uses girl names to refer to all his real friends . he also uses cox	i turned on the tv . then i opened reddit . scrubs was on . then there was this . oh life .

1 canada was the third country to go to space	second nuclear reactor as well .
2 and it's fucked up we are burning coal and natural gas instead of using uranium from saskatchewan to power our lust for oil in the oil-sands . alberta could really	ontario is doing it . our power is more than 50 % nuclear . edit : their page seems to be down right now , but you can check the

1 wayne's world was responsible for starting the phrase " that's what she said " and the " not " joke	there are people in this world too young to remember when this movie was in theaters and the subsequent popularizing of the phrases mentioned ( people used those jokes with
2 in 10 more years , there will be a reddit posting : " til dave chapelle is responsible for starting the phrase " i'm rick james , bitch ! "	i can't believe that joke is almost ten years old .

1 when chamillionaire asked michael jordan for a pic , jordan responded with " i ain't taking pictures with no n * ggas . "	for those of you who didn't read . jordan and nike sent him shoes and jerseys as an apology . cham replied with " no , nigga " fucking hilarious

1 dick cheney flunked out of college twice , was convicted of two dwis , received two draft deferments and shot a texas attorney .	if you're an american , i'm ashamed that you just now learned all this about the most recent former vice president . where were you for eight years ?
2 if the op is 20 right now , he was 15-16 when president obama took office . i'm fairly certain a lot of 8-15 year-olds don't know personal details of	that's the only excuse i can think of . i'm 28 and knew all of this information . granted , i was able to vote in 2004 .

1 all birds of prey check over their shoulders for other predators before striking - except for eagles	birds have shoulders .
2 / r / birdswitharms	read : bird's wit harms ...

1 christopher lee ( saruman , count dooku ) volunteered to serve in the winter war , served in wii in raf , is knighted , holds world record for most	ron jeremy ( aka " the hedgehog " ) has appeared in over 1,500 features , far exceeding 275 .

1 any north koreans that escape to south korea are automatically granted citizenship upon arrival	being in this thread has made me actually suddenly feel bad for the north koreans and wish there were some way i could help them leave , and then i

1 " the microsoft sound " was created by acclaimed musician and producer brian eno . he made it on a mac .	of course he used a mac . it was 1994 and there was no good audio editing software for windows 3.11 . not sure ~ ~ we ~ ~ why
2 anyone surprised by this piece of info should really think about how media is created in general . the end product and the means of creation are very different worlds	more like damn near all , assuming they use 3ds max , which is windows only , and the industry standard for 3d development .

1 hitler was a vegetarian and against any form of animal cruelty . during movies in which animal cruelty was portrayed , he would cover his eyes and look away until	he wasn't a vegetarian . he admitted to like liver for example . hitler wanted to paint himself as an ascetic , but he both drank and got involved with
2 have heard many accounts that he absolutely didnt drink alcohol at all	' cause he spent most of the war wired out of his skull on german amphetamines .

1 the snl jeopardy sketch was created by norm macdonald purely so that he could show off his burt reynolds impression .	> " macdonald also claims that reynolds is a fan of the sketch and that there were talks to do a sketch where the real reynolds would crash the game
2 and then a year after firing norm macdonald by citing that he wasn't funny enough to be on the show , he blew up in popularity . then snl asked	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ofXxinOtPiQ heres the audio to it
3 can someone transcribe it ? ( please :)	are you deaf ? ( serious question , you asking for it transcribed made me feel bad . )

1 today i learned that stephen king pulled his first novel out of print because of connections to actual school shootings .	it was called rage it was a great story.then we had to have columbine happen and fuck up everything .

1 the queen is the only person in the uk who is not required to have a driving licence in order to drive	she doesn't need any id . not even a passport because she is the " issuer " of all ids . that is , it is her name that is
2 but wouldn't she need a passport to enter other countries ? it's not like the whole world recognizes her as their queen .	no , because she is the issuer of british passports . so any country that accepts british passports acknowledges her authority to issue them .

1 the chinese government encouraged two basketball players ( a 7ft man and 6 ' 3 " woman ) to marry and produce a child who would become a dominant athlete	wasn't this called out as bullshit during a yao ming ama or something ? i can't remember

1 the film " one flew over the cuckoo's nest " was shown in swedish theaters for 11 years straight	11 years , sweet :) in munich " the rocky horror picture show " is still weekly shown since 1977 http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Rocky_Horror_Picture_Show#Hintergrund http://muenchen.movietown.eu/index.php?knr=59&show=week&target=detail&idf=379

1 7 states ( fl , ky , ms , nv , nm , nd , ut ) have not ratified the 26th amendment lowering the voting age from 21 to	florida amended their law in 1972 . https://doe.dos.state.fl.us/opinions/new/1978/de7827.pdf

1 ozzy osbourne once got so wasted before a meeting with the german head of cbs europe , he left thinking he had ' lightened the mood ' with a striptease	according to ozzy and his wife at least . so , y'know , not fact at all .

1 mas oyama , a karate master , would fight live bulls with his bare-hands during his martial arts demonstrations . occasionally , he would kill them with a single blow	> many martial artists believe that the bulls he beat were at a disadvantage , because they were tamed and tied with nose rings and rope when mas oyama fought
2 it is also rumoured that the bulls ' horns were partly sawed through beforehand .	it wouldn't be too hard to kill a bull with one or two hits if you sawed his horns halfway through . i used to trim horns on my cattle
3 i'm no vegetarian , but could you imagine if this was done to us ?	we don't have ( physical ) horns . edit : added " ( physical ) "

1 as a child elon musk was bullied so severely he once had to be hospitalized because of a beating from other students	no wonder he wants to leave earth .
2 if elon builds a massive spaceship to get all humanity on mars , [ here's what i imagine his reaction will be when he leaves only his bullies behind .	that's a big hand for such a small girl

1 the yapese use large stone " coins " for money which can weigh up to 8,800 lbs . rather than move them , they usually just keep track of who	that's pretty much what cash is . promissory notes representing quantities of gold we keep in reserve and would rather not lug around .

1 one " awesome blossom " appetizer from chili's has as much fat as 67 strips of bacon .	with the dressing ( ranch ? )

1 in 1896 auburn rotc cadets greased the skids of a railway track before a football game . the train with the incoming team couldn't stop and slid halfway to the	i live in opelika and have never heard this . what happened to schools telling you about your local history :/

1 prostitution was widely legal in the united states up until the early 1900 ' s , when the woman's christian temperance union lobbied against it . this was the same	not a coincidence that it's usually a bunch of women against prostitution . it's like men have found a loophole to the legalized prostitution ( aka sugerdaddy phenomenon ) and

1 johnny knoxville is the result of " significant inbreeding " . this was discovered by a genealogist he himself hired .	i've been saying this for years ! i'm sure he had a lingering suspicion !

1 in 1943 , the japanese ordered the execution of 98 american workers on wake island , one nameless man escaped and returned later to carve out a tombstone on the	and then we shelled the fuck out of them and vaporized two of their cities . i'd say we're even .
2 we vaporized a lot more than two of their cities . thousands of tons of incendiary bombs is pretty comparable to a nuke .	so it goes .

1 american pianist keith jarrett supplies cough drops to audience members to keep them quiet during performances	brilliant ! makes it a more enjoyable experience for everyone .

1 the town fucking , austria ’ s only reported crime was theft of many fucking road signs . in ‘ 05 they were replaced with antitheft ones & cctv cameras	if you think about it , we all came from fucking .
2 that joke works on three levels . i'm impressed .	one ... two ... no ... one , two ... oh * that's * three .

1 the nyc subway uses left-hand threaded light bulbs to discourage theft .	use of left hand threaded bulbs was a common practice when streetcars ran almost everywhere in the usa .

1 whenever al-qaeda organised games of volleyball , mohammed atef and osama bin laden were forced to be on separate teams since they were both tall , and skilled players .	i hope they drank enough water in that heat .

1 in " a . i . artificial intelligence " , child actor haley joel osment suggested to steven spielberg that to portray an android well he shouldn't blink . osment	uncanny valley . if we do manage to create lifelike robots designed to mimic human children , we'll get them to blink .
2 a mechanically-blinking eye might make a manufactured person's design to fall way within the valley . as with most cutting-edge engineering applications , there are probably a lot of little	that's interesting . it'll be some time before we can test that , but i'd like to see the results . is a blinking eye more or less weird than

1 napoleon demanded a method of communication that would not require light or sound . ' night writing ' was developed as a tactile military code , but proved too difficult	neil armstrong was 17 , when orville wright died .

1 upon his death ben franklin left 1,000 pounds to gather interest in a trust for 200 years ..	this is one til i actually didn't know . its brilliant . reminds me a bit of fry's 93 cents in the bank accumulating interest over a millennium so he
2 so ... so you know every other til ?	everything ama
3 what's the difference between an orange ?	about a mile and a half .

1 when general motors unveiled the camaro name in 1966 , automotive press asked chevrolet product managers , “ what is a camaro ? ” and were told it was “	howdoyouturnthison
2 withakey	and a choke most likely !

1 , in 1951 , after his plane crashed into the ocean , clint eastwood swam 3 miles to safety ( along with his pilot )	a man amongst men !

1 the 1996 ( us ) election was the first time the winner of the male vote didn't win the general election .	thanks girls . you gave the us another four wonderful years . and then it all went to hell .

1 hitler loved pranks . he once tricked a high ranking nazi into thinking he was going on a suicide mission , causing him to escape , hand himself over to	classic hitler .

1 a reliable way of detecting art forgeries is to test for cesium - 137 and strontium - 90 as these isotopes did not exist in nature prior to the first	so what about forgeries that were made before 1945 ?

1 clinically proven stem cell treatments for arthritis and tendon damage have been available in america since 2005 ... for dogs and horses .	the link from the wikipedia article just goes over the basic science behind the idea . t here are no clinical trials showing whether it is effective . just because

1 kevin spacey personal life is so private that no one can confirm his girlfriend's identity .	simple , it is zoe barn - * what ! no stop ! i said nothing ! *

1 carl sagan was denied tenure at harvard university and was unable to become a member of the national academy of sciences because his role as a ' popularizer ' of	cornell ... ever heard of it ?

1 some people can voluntarily equalize the pressure in their ears by ' flexing ' open their eustachian tube .	i was told in my first aid course that everyone could do this . no one in the group of 20 people disagreed .

1 mark wahlberg had committed 20-25 offenses by the age of 21 . these included throwing rocks at a bus full of black schoolchildren and knocking a vietnamese man unconscious and	mark wahlberg invented the knockout game

1 when bono was 14 , his mother died at her father's funeral	that may be the most irish thing that can happen to a kid . damn .

1 fats waller was kidnapped to be the surprise guest at al capone's birthday party at gunpoint . he left 3 days later intoxicated with thousands of dollars in tips .	i'd feel oddly flattered if a mob boss kidnapped me for my musical talent .
2 i'd feel kidnapped and trapped .	i'm pretty sure they would have made it clear to him that he was in no danger at all .
3 " look , you're not in any danger , but come with us , or we're gonna hurt you . "	hey , a party's a party . doesn't matter how you get there as long as you have a good time .

1 the pokémon koffing and weezing were originally named ny and la	aren't hong kong and new delhi the world's most polluted cities ?
2 i don't know but hk and nd would be pretty awful names .	i think [ he ] ( http://ts3.mm.bing.net/th?id=H.4595568616669454&pid=15.1 ) would like a word with you ...

1 , in the aftermath of katrina , the neighboring town of gretna , whose levies held , turned away refugees from new orleans at gunpoint	jericho ... where is skeet ulrich when you need him .
2 i very rarely watch television but i really enjoyed that show . i was kinda pissed when it was canceled .	if they'd had another season , it would have been a totally different show . too much changed at the end of season 2 . still might have been good

1 the " slow puncture " , a form of punishment in south african prisons among inmates , consisting in the rape by a person with aids .	note to self : don't fuck up in south africa .

1 the world record for fastest , most drastic temperature change is 49 degrees fahrenheit in two minutes .	i've lived in the black hills my whole life and currently go to bhsu . can confirm ; the weather is bat shit crazy .

1 the paraguayan war was so catastrophic for the male population of paraguay , there were only 26,000 adult men left alive in the country at the end of the war	death by snoo snoo

1 louis le prince , who filmed the first ever motion pictures , disappeared without a trace in 1890 . thomas edison soon took credit as the first and sole inventor	every time i come across edison on the internet it is always about him being a dick .
2 the important point is that he was a * successful * dick . the internet loves successful dicks . half to admire them , and half to insult the first	yes . the tide of darwinism is that it doesn't matter if you're evil , as long as you win .

1 : by 1982 , space invaders had grossed $ 2 billion . just in quarters ..	so basically , every person on earth at the time spent an average of around 1.25 quarters on it .

1 brother theodore was imprisioned in dachau until he signed over his family's fortune . he went to switzerland but was kicked out for chess hustling . einstein helped him escape	this is similar to the actor matt damon , see , little matty used to be a kid down on his luck and became a janitor , he then would

1 christopher nolan's interstellar is the only film in the top 10 worldwide box office of 2014 to be wholly original--not a reboot , remake , sequel , or part of	originality - this is what i crave in movie plots now .
2 so get busy ! shit ain't going to create itself .	it's sad to think how many people have original ideas and even movie scripts but just can't get inside the film industry because nobody dares to take a chance

1 due to j . edgar hoover's excessive abuse of power , directors of the fbi are now limited to 10 years in office .	someone should tell sam and dean winchester ...

1 the actor who portrays the most interesting man in the world lives on a sailboat in marina del ray	i posted this months ago : http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/niwch/til_the_most_interesting_man_in_the_world/

1 eugenics was practiced in the us before nazi germany , and the american practices even inspired the nazis	i call dibs on being the one that posts this next week .
2 reddit told me the last post of this was a year ago , so i think that's enough time to be able to post something that's been posted before .	while these aren't exactly the same as you posted here are three that talk about eugenics before the nazi era posted within the last month or so . http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/13erpo/til_california_sterilized_20000_people_between/ http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/13ahb5/til_the_us_was_the_1st_country_to_concertedly/
3 huh , did not know that . well i can't exactly be blamed for not knowing that . still , sorry i ended up reposting	yes you can ! kill the op ! : )

1 the dad from the tv show " growing pains " is robin thicke's father	what kind of world do we live in where alan thicke is known as robin thicke's father ?

1 the game ' dark souls ' was originally going to be called ' dark ring ' but had to be changed after the developers learned that in britain ring is	i could never take the show " the mentalist " seriously , just from the name .

1 after reading the script to schindler's list , composer john williams said to spielberg " you need a better composer " to which spielberg replied " i know , but	is that an insult or a compliment ? i'm not sure .

1 " brain zaps " aren't something i'm making up , they're real and documented	when i'm lazy and haven't refilled my citalopram ( for anxiety ) prescription , i get these . i actually was having them yesterday . they are definitely not pleasant

1 mel blanc ( the voice of bugs bunny and other characters ) asked to have , " that's all folks " ( the phrase that was a trademark of blanc's	here's a [ photo ] ( http://stumptownblogger.typepad.com/.a/6a010536b86d36970c011572189401970b-800wi ) of his gravestone

1 dr pepper lost the " . " in the 1950s , in part due to a desire to remove medical connotations .	it's kind of hard to remove medical connotations when the product is called doctor pepper

1 monty python member graham chapman's final words were reported to be " sorry for saying fuck " to a nurse who accidentally stuck a needle in his arm shortly before	wasn't there something similar about roald dahl on reddit the other day ? ah ... here it is : http://nymag.com/arts/books/features/67962/index2.html

1 margaret thatcher was reportedly more proud of becoming the first prime minister with a science degree than the first female prime minister of the united kingdom .	it'd be great if more people would think like she did and value their personal accomplishments over what they * are * ( e . g . sex , race
2 although getting elected as a woman in a country that has never done that before is itself a personal accomplishment .	ya but it's not like the uk hasn't been led by a woman before ... in a country that's had dozens of queens regnant , becoming the first female prime
3 queens aren't elected , though .	yeah but not all monarchies allowed a woman to reign .

1 sacha baron cohen received a letter from a lawyer saying he was being sued for $ 100,000 for his role in borat . the lawyer added " p . s	$ 100,000 sure isn't a lot , considering how much the movie made . should've added another 0
2 no , but there were so many lawsuits with borat .	care to share some more with me ? stories , not lawsuits .

1 in world war ii , american soldier john r . fox died when he deliberately called an artillery strike on himself . realizing that german troops were overrunning his party's	immediately thought of the scene in man of steel where guardian calls in an air strike on his position . " this will be danger close . " " good

1 there is a signal that an ambulance can use to change traffic lights in their favor .	that's been in use by emergency vehicles here in bc for years and years . not sure about elsewhere but that would be a tyail for me .

1 despite having only 3 % of america's population , ohio has produced 25 astronauts , including john glenn and neil armstrong . the top wwi and ii fighter aces (	ohio : 2 % of the states in the united states 3 % of the population of the united states
2 i'm not sure of the implication here ... but ohio is very vastly empty in large parts . source : i live here .	that in 50 states the average would be 2 % polulation per state . 3 % is 50 % higher than average . in fact having a population of 3.69

1 an american soldier from the korean war was given the medal of honor for killing 5 chinese soldiers ... 4 with his bare hands ... while giving medical aid to	it's about time chuck got hos medal . his picture makes him look different , though .

1 rolling stones drummer , charlie watts , was sleeping one day , when mick jagger phoned drunk to watts ' hotel room asking where was his drummer . watts got	all bassists know , drummers are your best friend . the singer and the guitarist can circle jerk up front all they want . its a thoroughly good bassist and
2 tell that to the former white stripes .	... bitch
3 definitely a bitch .	wait , i feel like i'm missing something here

1 despite sharing the same oral language , british , irish , australian and american sign language are all completely different languages .	sign language is not a direct translation of english . it is its own language , with very different grammar .
2 there is also signed english which is a direct translation .	which isn't actually a language .
3 if it's not its own language ... certainly it's still * english * , right ? so it is a language ?	it's like calling morse code or braille a language . it's just a different way of encoding language .

1 batman the animated series had a unique drawing style . the animators used light colors on black paper , the complete opposite of the animation industry standard .	[ dat theme ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lEx9r5enZsk )

1 your bottle of heinz tomato ketchup specifically mentions tomato in the name because when it was introduced , ketchups of other varieties other than tomato were common .	this makes me feel a lot better about being an australian who's lived in north america and always asked for " tomato sauce " to great mockery .

1 consuming a polar bear's liver will kill you because of it's toxic levels of vitamin a	haha funny jokes aside why does it have so much vitamin a ?

1 an outbreak of swine flu in the us in 1976 killed one person , but the vaccine for said swine flu killed 25 people .	don't tell anti-vaxers about this .
2 how big of an issue are anti-vaccination lobbies in america ? i seem to hear a lot about them but they're not particularly active in britain .	big enough that there is a body count associated with it . newborns and those with immune diseases can't get vaccines , and rely on herd immunity . so while
3 you are so fucking dramatic .	it's the situation that is dramatic . i don't feel that i am embellishing here . or is it your point that killing babies is no big deal and i'm

1 the 1997 nfc championship was the first ever nfc championship to not feature the cowboys , 49ers , rams , or redskins	this was one of the reasons the nfl adopted the salary cap in ' 94 . didn't take long to have an effect .
2 eh , our success was built mainly through the draft	you're welcome .

1 the 1990 lexus ls400 was so ahead of its time that 5 % of its sales were from rival auto manufacturers , who were in awe of it's engineering .	the lexus ls did to the luxury market what the acura nsx did to the exotic sports car market . toyota produced a high end luxury sedan that didn't break
2 i wonder if there are still cars that are up to that level . are lexus still that good ?	pretty close .

1 in 2001 , the dea attempted to ban glowsticks from parties by labelling them as " drug paraphernalia "	in other news , dea bans all cheese-puff related snacks due to close relationship with the deadly drug marijuana .

1 according to the bible , david was offered the king's daughter if he came back with 100 foreskins of slain enemies . he came back with 200 .	worst quest ever .
2 i bet the drop rate was pretty high .	imagine his confusion when looting two of those from one corpse .

1 in february 2012 , lehigh university of pennsylvania released a study that priced the death star based on the cost of steel to produce it . it believed that in	833,315 years ? naw , you just need a planet of molten metal , like mustafar
2 may as well build two while you're at it lads .	why build one when you can build two at twice the price ?
3 wanna go for a ride ?	the most creepily endearing line in the show .

1 an anime called ghost stories did so poorly in japan , that when it was voiced in english , the voice actors were given free rein on the script .	[ a video for anyone who wants an example . ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SxJ4VWoeOzs ) edit : holy crap , this is my first successful post to hit the front page
2 " i can only hope she knew about jesus . " done , i'm done . that shit was hilarious .	" oh that was a lesbian lady i helped at the homosexual conversion camp ! "

1 some cuban cigar factories employed a " lector " who would read newspapers , political treatises and classical literature aloud to help break the monotony of the cigar-rollers ' work	my grandfather was born and raised in key west . his older brother ( born about 1900 ) had this job for awhile and would commute down to havana and

1 humans may have lost their body hair as recently as 240,000 years ago	it says " less than " 240,000

1 when the mona lisa was stolen in 1911 pablo picasso was a suspect	dude , qi book of 1227 facts ?

1 there is a snake venom that causes you to bleed from all holes of your body	sounds like an episode of " house , m . d . " .
2 try quincy .	well , quincy had the exotic deaths , but house had bleeding out of one or more orifices just about every other episode - - and usually around the 35

1 in the us , drying laundry on a line is seen as a sign of poverty rather than common sense	according to whom ? this is bs .

1 during napoleons 6 day stay in malta he ; reformed national administration , created twelve municipalities , created a public finance administration , abolished all feudal privileges and slavery ,	and this is why an enlightened dictatorship is so much better than a democrazy . things get done . the bad part is that dictatorships usually lacks a lot of
2 so much better ... for whose interests ? things get done - to benefit whom ? how does one distinguish between enlightened vs unenlightened ? in a democracy things get	napoleon ´ s france was by all means more advanced than most of europe which was still ruled by monarchies .

1 radiotrophic fungi exist which can transform gamma radiation into chemical energy . they were found inside the chernobyl nuclear plant .	shit yeah . i wonder how long we'll have power lines before pigeons start metabolizing the electromagnetic fields .
2 pigeons can sense magnetic fields . i wonder if they feel something , maybe even strangely enjoyable sitting on those wires	i wonder if dc power lines would cause them to swerve off course as they flew over them ?

1 the toyota mr2 had to be renamed in france , as the pronunciation of mr2 sounds similar to the french words for " it is shitty "	" honda fit ( 2005 ) – honda had the misfortune of not checking the slang dictionary in norway and sweden before introducing the “ fit ” as the “
2 chevy nova sounds like doesn't go in spanish . the french car maker " citroen " is " lemon " in english	the car was never renamed and sold very well in mexico , and the pun isn't widely repeated there any more than hillbilly crap like " found on road dead

1 u . s . president andrew jackson once held an open house party at the white house at which he served a 1,400- pound ( 640 kg ) block of	it's a profound statement about democracy .

1 the bascules ( the road that opens ) of tower bridge in london are typically only raised to an angle sufficient for a vessel to safely pass under the bridge	none can match the privilege of the monarch

1 nba hall of famer patrick ewing frequently faced racist chants while he played in college . in one game after an orange was thrown at him , the opposing coach	the fan replied : orange you glad i didn't throw a banana ?
2 coach ( holding his tongue ): you guys are all apples . edit : sounds like ' assholes ' and points if i got you to try this for the	i don't speak slowly enough normally for this to sound like assholes . :-( i need to slow down .

1 mr . t single-handedly chopped down 70 trees in under 4 hours while in the military	mr . tree

1 there's a drug that treats the underlying cause of cystic fibrosis , but remains unavailable to many due to it's $ 300,000 / year / patient price tag , making	" vertex said it would make the drug available free to patients in the united states with no insurance and a household income of under $ 150,000 . " straight
2 not much use for irish people who have among the highest prevalence of the disease in the world .	the drug only helps a minority of patients , so don't allow yourself to believe that there is a wonder-drug that could cure everyone but that governments and health insurers

1 david spade did not attend his close friend chris farley's funeral because he " could not be in a room where chris was in a box . "	been there .. hard to accept your good friend is dead . when the people who killed him are in the room ! fck !
2 addiction killed him , not other people . when you crave drugs or alcohol so bad , you'll find them from anyone . sure , his enablers would be at	not too mention being insanely overweight . obesity and hard drugs dont mix well

1 if you don't identify as an " extrovert " or " introvert , " you might be an " ambivert . " an ambivert is moderately comfortable with groups and	so like ... a person ?

1 in deus ex , which was released in 2000 , the world trade center towers are missing in the ny missions . during development the developers justified this by stating	ion storm caused 9/11 as advertising for deus ex wake up sheeple * * wake up * *
2 oh god and look at the upvote count ! i can't prove it but i did not alter : http://i.imgur.com/eKSww.png wake up !	it says 912 on mine . i think i need to downvote my own post .

1 during wwi , a british soldier showed mercy to a wounded german infantryman ... who later turned out to be adolf hitler .	" always take the shot . " - fox from the movie , wanted

1 the voice actor who plays fry , zoidberg , and prof . farnsworth also does the voice for the red m & m	voice actors sometimes don't just voice act one character , but actually treat it like a real job : o

1 when new line cinema reported that the lord of the rings trilogy was causing horrendous financial losses , with actors not receiving their cut , peter jackson hired an auditor	when working with hollywood , always get paid up front .

1 the cork screw is also called a " wine key " because it was invented by a man name karl wienke .	horseshit

1 its illegal for drug companies to advertise to consumers almost everywhere in the world . the only exceptions are the us and new zealand .	in canada we sometimes get american commercials , and those drug commercials are annoying !
2 side effect mays include : diabetes , constipation , hair loss , impotency , pain , intestinal issues , blindness , loss of taste , loss of hearing , and	they have to put those warnings even if the odds are near nothing if just a handful of people reported said side effect , even if the odds make it

1 kirk hammett encouraged les claypool to audition for metallica after cliff burton died . after not getting the job , james hetfield said it was because claypool was " too	a similar situation arose with buckethead trying out for the red hot chili peppers i believe .

1 during ww2 a mix of high explosive and flour was given to guerrillas fighting the japanese . codenamed ' aunt jemima ' , it could be safely cooked into pancakes	i've actually studied this molecule ( along with a few other secondary explosives ) , and never knew this . my research should be floating around somewhere . so many

1 the dog that played toto in the wizard of oz was paid a salary that was higher than the actors who played the munchkins	would you say they got ... short changed .

1 samuel l . jackson's performance as a crackhead in 1991 ' s jungle fever was so acclaimed that the " supporting actor " award was created just for him at	i don't want to ruin everybody's fun here but cannes does this frequently . they alter the categories to fit the judges ' deliberations . they sometimes give extra prices
2 then don't ?	you make the rules for your film festival , let them have theirs .

1 albert einstein , charles darwin and edgar allan poe all married their first cousin	seems like this is actually the key to success .

1 8 state constitutions prohibit atheists from holding public office - - in violation of the us constitution	* cocks shotgun * we don't be liking you ungodly folk around here with your educations and your birth controls . you best be moving on before i open a

1 since 1945 , all british tanks have come equipped with tea making facilities	its stuff like this that makes me proud of being british .
2 it was bloody cold last night .	cold ? southern fairies .

1 the textbook industry is considered a " broken market " by economists and it has little internal competition	because there is no competition . you have to buy the book your professor says . when they put out new editions every year , you can't buy used .

1 early in it's existence , the producers of mystery science theater 3000 encouraged viewers to make copies and give them to friends in order to expand viewership and increase demand	i met joel at dragon con this year he's an awesome guy .
2 please tell me more . i've often wondered about that dude - he seems nice and also sometimes not . i refuse to believe that anyone working on mst 3k	he's just a really humble and down to earth guy and he's willing to take shots at himself for humor something a lot of people don't do . he was

1 there's a man who ran nonstop for 135 miles in 120f degrees across death valley , a marathon in the south pole in - 40f and did 50 marathons in	given the right number of calories it was deduced that he metabolises food quickly enough to continue to run indefinitely . edit : yes i did mean indefinitely .
2 yes , and he was on " stan lee's superhumans " where they discovered that after a certain amount of running he stops building up lactic acid , and actually	yeah , thats pretty normal for a trained person going at below their lactate threshold . i saw that clip too and it made a huge deal about something we
3 yeah he's totally just an average guy .	seriously . if you can't do 50 marathons in 50 days , you should be ashamed of yourself ...

1 one of the worst directors of all time , uwe boll wanted to prove that he's a better director than michael bay by challenging him to a boxing match .	how does boxing hjelp prove who is the better director ?

1 after the capture of a serial killer of children , a police officer found his own daughter tied and gagged in the back of the killer's van .	he wouldn't be alive if that was my daughter , props to the officer for not losing his sanity on this guy
2 same . that dude would have " became combative " and ended up with a slug in his temple .	do cops there carry guns ? years of european stereotypes have led me to think they only carry a whistle and a baton which is mainly spent twirling in circles

1 does anyone else want to see an r rated , gritty , dark , and violent tmnt movie based on their frank miller origins ?	i don't know if i could take that seriously . i mean , i love the turtles to death , but ... they are turtles .

1 mao ordered the chinese to eradicate mosquitos , rats , flies , and sparrows . because the sparrows ate seeds , he felt they were eating unearned food , thus	ha ha

1 ratko mladić , or the " butcher of bosnia " , was most likely highly influenced by the apparent ' suicide ' of his daughter in committing the " worst	stewart lee's let himself go .

1 kevin carter committed suicide 3 months after winning the pulitzer prize for a photograph of a starving toddler being stalked by a vulture	ok , which one of you guys added " [ ( jealous jerkface ) ] ( http://imgur.com/EbbbEfL ) " after joão silva's name ? edit : i'm glad i did

1 radical british islamist preacher anjem " andy " choudary failed his first year university exams due to excessive partying .	just in case you missed the photos last week here they are again : http://imgur.com/a/peLFJ scum of the earth .

1 a prison inmate , eugene debs , received nearly one million votes during the 1920 presidential election . he was serving 10 years for a speech he gave in ohio	eugene debs was a great man .

1 while imprisoned , high-ranking nazi albert speer went on an " imaginary journey " across the world , on foot . he calculated the exact distance to walk around the	i watched documentary called this emotional life about a us pilot who was shot down and a pow and he would visualize himself building his dream house for his wife
2 this is actually how i fall asleep each night : building scenes and worlds in intricate detail , each night adding more . i had a immense tropical planet i'd	what a coincidence , i build an imaginary girlfriend .

1 dean norris , the actor who plays hank schrader , attended and graduated from harvard before attending the royal academy of dramatic art ( generally regarded as one of the	he is the best actor on the show .

1 although pancreatic cancer is usually deadly , steve jobs had the one variety that's curable . but for nine months , he refused treatment and instead tried a vegan diet	towards the end he admitted that all of it was a mistake and he regretted rejecting proper medicine . wasn't it george carlin that said " if alternative medicine worked
2 i have a friend whose chinese doctor straight up told him he couldn't do anything and to see a western doctor immediately . turns out he had leukemia . went	how many kilos of tiger genitals , elephant scrotums , and rhino horn did he have to eat before it got to that point ?

1 in the 1600 ' s london was plagued by an attacker who would grab unaccompanied women , lift their dress , smack their bare bottoms and yell " spanko !	that's the sort of history you usually don't expect to last 400 years after the fact .
2 i wonder if they'll be reading tils about 4chan in 400 years	the ass was phat

1 adam west , clint eastwood , and burt reynolds were all offered the role of james bond , and all declined , believing james bond should always be played by	holy fuck do people just repost til's from a while back . ive seen this like 3 times

1 there are 7 different kinds of twins : identical , fraternal , half-identical , mirror image , mixed chromosome , superfecundation , superfetation .	now if only someone could come up with comparision pictures it would be great .

1 termites are being researched as a possible renewable energy source as they can produce up to 2 litres of hydrogen from ingesting a single sheet of paper , making them	i was about to post something questioning the ethics of harvesting energy from a living being . then i remembered i was looking forward to a chicken-based dinner .
2 they're fucking termites . who cares	that's the justification superior beings will use to fuck us up if we survive each other long enough to meet some .
3 at least humanity will have some purpose at that point	we'll show our alien overlords our mission statement .

1 jerry lee lewis courted so much controversy by marrying his 13 year old cousin at the age of 22 that he went from playing $ 10,000 concert halls to $	paul walker started dating a girl that was 16 when he was 32 . didn't hurt his career any .
2 stephen tyler also convinced a 16 year olds parents to give him guardianship of her so they live together and probably bone . celebrities be fucked up .	dan schneider is a fucking creep too . its a huge rumor that he got amamda bynes pregnant and forced her to have an abortion as a teen . its

1 the nfl is legally required to keep the browns , bengals and steelers in the same division regardless of future alignment plans	baltimore can go fuck itself though .
2 come on : two super bowl victories over the patriots > one super bowl loss to the ravens unless you are still upset about the giants losing to the baltimore	wait , so baltimore teams are to the giants what the giants are to the patriots ?

1 sam jackson had the same amount of screen time in pulp fiction as john travolta yet was nominated for the best supporting actor oscar while travolta got nominated for best	that's probably because the could only give best actor to one , and gave the other the other one . i've never seen the movie , so i can't weigh

1 jason david frank ( green power ranger ) is actually a 7th degree black belt , a pro mma fighter , developed his own style of karate , & held	yeah , but he wore a full body leotard . you should fear this guy : [ rexkwando ] ( http://25.media.tumblr.com/18d80efb78aea72d79b1cc94871e1da5/tumblr_mhbkrm45Vt1s4qxgyo1_500.gif )

1 when manfred von richtofen ( the red baron ) was shot down and killed in 1918 , the british army gave him a full military funeral , complete with clergy	shot down by a canadian ... :D http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manfred_von_Richthofen#Death
2 the australians don't seem to think so ! as a canadian and a wwi aviation enthusiast , i'm not so sure about brown's victory , it makes much more sense	as a corto maltese fan , i confirm , aussie ground gunner clem ' did it , for a few bottles of bourbon

1 afghanistan's national sport is hide and seek .	obvious bin laden joke is obvious . for the record , it's actually [ buzkashi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buzkashi ) .
2 what he said . the source on op's link links here : http://www.afghanembassy.net/buz.php	hide and seek is afghanistan's de facto sport , not offical . read what the link says .

1 eminem repeated the 9th grade three times .	repeating it three times would make it 4 years . he repeated twice .

1 in 1986 the red hot chili peppers were budgeted $ 5000 by emi music to make a demo tape and set aside $ 2000 to spend on heroine and cocaine	megadeth did the same with their first album . spent 50 % of budget on drugs .

1 nowhere in the bible does it say that mary magdalene was a prostitute or even overtly sexual .	didn't jesus save her from a stoning caused by adultery ? ... plus saving her from demons , i believe its implied not actually written anywhere .

1 in 1979 in sweden , a number of people called in sick with a case of " being homosexual , " in protest of homosexuality being classified as an illness	awaiting its american version !

1 there was a dinosaur with fingers like swords	wolverine's dad ?

1 in 1953 , ronald maddison , a 20 - year old royal air force engineer died while acting as a guinea pig for sarin gas testing at porton down ,	what kind of ring did he buy ?

1 the first descent to the deepest point of the ocean ( challenger deep in the mariana trench - 10,918 m ) was carried out in a vessel designed and manned	one could say that he ... made it so

1 during a roman triumph , which were rare , spectacular parades commemorating the honor awarded to a victorious roman general by the senate , a slave would have to accompany	actually they would say " all glory is fleeting . "

1 in the german version of die hard , all the terrorists are given english names .	also , in the american version of die hard , all the terrorists speak fake german . i mean , sure , google translate wasn't around back then , but
2 nearly every " german " you hear in movies / television is not spoken by native speakers . for example in spartacus , the germanic warriors seem to speak german	if you want to add to the table , the italian spoken by hans landa is flawless ( noticeable accent but grammatically correct ) . it still amazes me today

1 charles whitman , the texas tower shooter , asked for an autopsy to be done after his death to determine what made him kill . the autopsy found a tumor	joe rogan experience listener ?

1 carl sagan was not an atheist and hated the term .	same for neil degrasse tyson . he once said in [ an interview ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iK8qc-6ZX8A&feature=player_detailpage#t=3948s ) that people keep editing his wiki page claiming him as an atheist and
2 why don't people get this ? http://educatheist.files.wordpress.com/2012/01/wgl13.jpg	because you are wrong . terms are not defined by what some chart says , or even by what they used to mean . they are defined by how they
3 the majority of people i've talked to agree with the chart .	the majority of people * * who can read * * , agree with the chart ...

1 speedy gonzales was banned by cartoon network for being an offensive stereotype , only to be returned after mass protest by the hispanic-american community .	go to south america . there is no politically correct . if you are fat , your nickname is fatso and its ok .
2 my grandma is cuban and she calls me fat all the time	grandmas give no shit

1 chinese armed forces use crossbows at all unit levels to stop persons carrying explosives without risk of causing detonation .	i read " crowbars " at first and was confused

1 tigers are the only predators known to regularly prey on adult bears	way more humans hunt adult bears that tigers . i know half a dozen hunters that go out for bear season

1 : when hunter s . thompson died , his ashes were fired out of a cannon by johnny depp to the tune of " mr . tambourine man " by	cannon ? try titanic gonzo fist thunder tower . http://thenewdaily.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/Hunter-S-Thompson.jpg

1 george lucas allowed the band members of ' n sync to make a cameo appearance in star wars episode ii : attack of the clones in order to appease his	good thing they cut out the footage of ' n sync or that movie could have really sucked . edit :[ wow , my highest rated comment , thanks reddit
2 you know , i want to say that it wasn't all that bad , but then i realized that after phantom menace , lucas could have shit on a plate	do you guys think the movies will become better now disney has bought the franchise ? i mean , they don't usually produce movies _so_ bad ... do they ?

1 in 1991 , iowa governor terry branstad's son killed 2 people while driving . he was only ticketed for improper lane usage & fined $ 15 .	whoo iowa mentioned ... w-wait ...

1 the hindenburg was originally designed to use non-flammable helium but the usa refused to export any resulting in the hydrogen based construction .	considering the massive helium shortage we are facing worldwide , i would say the us made the right call on that one .

1 daniel webster , who ran for president and lost three times , declined the vice presidency twice , thinking it a worthless office . both presidents who offered it later	what luck ! xd

1 after tearing a ligament in his throwing arm during what would be his final game , nolan ryan threw one last pitch that was clocked at 98 mph .	ever seen the video of the guy ( forget who ) charging nolan on the plate ? nolan immediately gets him in a headlock and wails on his face .
2 [ robin ventura ] ( http://youtu.be/SdyeWgsa_R8 )	i bet that stung like a mother fucker .

1 director alfonso cuarón assigned daniel radcliffe , rupert grint and emma watson to write autobiographical essays about their characters in harry potter . rupert grint didn't deliver his essay .	prisoner of azkaban is easily the best harry potter . alfonso really captured the magic .
2 in your opinion . :) book 5 was one of my least favorite books in the series , but the 5th movie was definitely the best in my opinion .	the fifth was well done because shit went down in the book and the film did that justice . but the third film was , for lack of a better
3 and the third film finally gave us a dumbledore that was capable of performing the role .	thank you ! there's a lot of gambon hate going around , but honestly the previous dumbledore had no authority whatsoever .

1 during the filming of titanic , an angry crew member put pcp in james cameron's soup , sending him and 50 others to the hospital	from the man who brought you titanic and terminator , comes this summers next blockbuster naked james cameron killing cops and tearing down privacy fences .
2 http://i.imgur.com/loMBqqy.gif	i absolutely need the source of this .
3 [ found it ! ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MjSjgsonUvE )	the cops multiplied rapidly as the video went on

1 muhammad got engaged with a six year old , then consummated his marriage with her when she was nine .	yeah , arab politics was weird . remember , that muhammad was no god . he is not the model of perfection to muslims , and this is why they
2 if he is no model why did the caliph had to be his descendant or relative ?	i think you didn't understand when i said i was a shia . shias do not follow the caliphs . we believe in the 12 imams , who were actually

1 the united states marine corps tested the usefulness of ordinary skateboards in urban combat	as an infantryman in the us army and an amatuer skateboarder , i can honestly say that this was a waste of tax payers dollars . it isn't tactical ,
2 silly string , ftw .	i used silly string more overseas then in my entire childhood . and there was a lot of trip wires in my childhood .

1 in 1861 the entire student body of the university of mississippi enlisted in the confederate army as a single company . all were either killed , wounded , or captured	motivating defense of states rights ! ! !

1 frank zappa's grammy-winning album jazz from hell received a " parental advisory " sticker even though it is a collection of instrumental pieces and contains no lyrics at all .	ctrl-f divorce : nada .

1 : the tires on a bugatti veyron can be removed from the rims only in france , a service which reportedly costs € 70,000	i'll remove the tires from the rims for 10,000 euros

1 in china , the number of people living in caves is greater than the population of australia .	the number of people living in shanghai is greater than the population of australia ...
2 the number of deaf or hearing impaired americans is about equivalent to the population of australia . we are a huge country with a very small population .	bro , everybody likes australia and australians . my little cousin visited last year . she absolutely loved it . this can't be said about china .
3 >:( i will go to china now , and i will die there , just to disprove you .	dying there is easy . just ask the government for help .

1 there were 6 assassins sent to kill archduke franz ferdinand and 1 of them threw a bomb that exploded under the wrong car . his assassination failed , he took	also ww1 started

1 the cigar brand montecristo got its name from the alexandre dumas book " the count of monte cristo " . books were often read aloud in the cigar factory by	fun fact : there is a tiny island east of italy called [ montceristo ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@42.3316868,10.3360113,13z ) , but it is uninhabited and never had a count on it

1 canada has specifically banned members of the westboro baptist church from entering the country .	i am very proud to be canadian right now , eh ?
2 i swear ive heard my american cousins use eh as much as i do , wtf .	they're making fun of you , why don't you stop by the store for a twofer eh ?

1 james bond originally used a beretta 418 until a fan of the novels ( and small arms expert ) wrote to ian flemming criticizing it as " a woman's gun	james bond is a bit of a prick : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EkbebJbvu_A&feature=kp

1 in 2000 , people magazine voted neil degrasse tyson " sexiest astrophysicist alive . "	[ when hasn't he ever been the sexiest ? ] ( http://s3.amazonaws.com/data.tumblr.com/tumblr_lppy3iXqq21qbh26io1_1280.jpg?AWSAccessKeyId=AKIAJ6IHWSU3BX3X7X3Q&Expires=1324092892&Signature=dI%2B%2FVb7Y2FUW8eA8FY%2BDX0pZh1Y%3D )

1 during a traffic stop , the iron sheik was caught high on cocaine while driving with his in-ring enemy " hacksaw " jim duggan , who was drunk and high	hooooooooooooo

1 david spade did not attend his close friend chris farley's funeral because he " could not be in a room where chris was in a box . "	abandoned by his father at six . stepfather committed suicide . and i believe one of childhood friends also committed suicide . i think we can give him a pass

1 when marilyn manson was asked what he would say to the students of columbine , he replied , " i wouldn't say a single word to them ; i would	he had a good p . r team . that's all .

1 steven spielberg didn't accept a salary for schindler's list as he considered it " blood money . "	but i bet he gets to keep all the money from the lucrative merchandizing rights . for instance , the kenner / schindler playset , " e-z bake auschwitz oven

1 timothy leary , upon his arrival at prison in 1971 , was given a battery of psychological tests designed to aid in placing inmates in jobs that were best suited	the legal troubles section of the wiki is so disturbing . this guy seemed like he was doing good research and was generally concerned with the greater good . imagine
2 i don't think you read what his research was . he was interested i getting high and traveling space . look up smiile which only someone with a lifetime's worth	space migration , intelligence increase , life extension ? sounds like three great ideas offhand .

1 the entire goldeneye 007 game on n64 is only 12 mb .	you're forgetting to mention that his mouth looks surprisingly wide ! when you see it .. ps . this cannot be unseen

1 the hacker kevin mitnick was kept in solitary confinement for 8 months because " law enforcement told the judge that he could somehow dial into the norad modem via a	oh come on , who * hasn't * claimed they could do this at some point ?
2 a kid in my high school got arrested because he had a device that would beep into payphones and let him use them for free . eventually the phone company	no he didn't . payphones in the 90 ' s had the receiver cut off until you put in the money . i actually was a phreaker .
3 could've been an older model that wasn't replaced ?	no . ma bell hates losing money . they would spend 10x more on a phone if they thought they were losing a dime . that's why those phones were

1 one of frank abagnale's ( catch me if you can ) first cons was to buy a security guard costume , and place a sign over a bank drop box	i am pretty sure this is chevy chase

1 in 1966 french president charles de gaulle demanded that all american military personnel leave france . american president lyndon johnson asked if that order applied to american soldiers in french	" over the years , the united states has sent many of its fine young men and women into great peril to fight for freedom beyond our borders . the
2 what a load of bullshit . there's also plenty of military bases all over the world .	america doesn't own foreign military bases . even guantanamo is legally leased .

1 rolling stone gave many artists bad reviews , then changed to good reviews after they became famous . examples include the beatles , led zeppelin , black sabbath , ac	the beatles were hugely famous before rolling stone even existed .
2 they probably thought the beatles was just a phase that would last a few years , kind of like the beach boys , or the backstreet boys , or the	one of these is not like the others & #3232 ; _ & #3232 ;

1 in the united states , more money is stolen by employers from employees each year than is stolen in robberies , burglaries , larcenies and auto thefts combined . the	want immunity for crimes ? start a corporation . all the perks of person-hood without the drawbacks of pesky prison sentences for wrongdoing .
2 that is why the whole corporations are people is fucking ridiculous . they don't go to prison like people and they don't pay the same rate in taxes like people	the tax system is built on integration so there you earn the dollar in the company or by yourself , it works out to be the same .

1 billionaire j . paul getty refused to pay $ 17m ransom for his kidnapped grandson . when the teenager's severed ear arrived , he agreed $ 3m but only paid	: j . paul getty was a dick

1 200,000 mentally ill people were killed in the holocaust and were among nazi germany's earliest targets .	it saddens me that people are not aware of this * and are not expected to be aware of this . *

1 ed white , the first man to walk in space , made excuses to keep walking and had to be coaxed back into the spacecraft .	downvoted for incorrect title , he was not the first man .

1 bayer , famous for producing aspirin , purchased prisoners at auschwitz to test new drugs	farben works still standing

1 mcdonalds has closed down in six countries ( bermuda , barbados , bolivia , jamaica , iceland and montenegro )	6 whole countries ?

1 the guy who snagged windows2000.com happened to be named bob and microsoft just happened to own bob.com . they came to an agreement to trade one for the other .	ah the goold old wild west days . now they'd get a court order and have the domain seized as a violation of trademark .
2 truth ... see www.nissan.com	jeeze you think that would a ticket to retirement , but nope just a fuck ton of litigation .

1 a shot in the us is 25 % larger than one in northern ireland and almost twice as large as a shot in the rest of the uk .	aye but all your booze is half the strength !
2 not in my experience . friend brought me a bottle of kraken rum from the us and i was surprised to find the alcohol content was higher than the same	and then there are bottles like [ george t . stagg ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George_T._Stagg ) , one of the greatest bourbons being made , and regularly clearing 70 % abv

1 over 1,000 , 000 euros are thrown into the trevi fountain every year . the money is used to subsidize a supermarket for the needy .	i just visited rome three weeks ago and went to visit the fountain at night , and when we got there it was completely drained , under construction , and
2 it's been this way for almost two years now . edit : so i am terrible with time and from what i can research , the fountain started undergoing renovation	can't be . i was on vacation in rome last year and there were loads of people here and no construction what so ever .

1 ecuador's official currency is the united states dollar .	so does : panama , east timor , palau , micronesia , marshall islands , british virgin islands , turks & caicos , bonaire , sint eustatius , * el
2 why do british and dutch colonies use the us dollar ?	to which are you referring exactly ? the former are solely using the us dollar as currency , the latter are using it as a 1:1 or some other joint

1 dave chappelle converted to islam in 1998 . he said , " i don ’ t normally talk about my religion publicly because i don ’ t want people to	more likely i would associate the flaws of islam with the great entertainer that he is .
2 islam is not the problem . it is the few extremists that misinterpret the koan and the words of the prophet . in fact , islam has a lot in	then what's judaism about ?
3 hoarding money and running the media and politics .	apparently a sense of humor * isn't * part of judaism .

1 j j abrams made a deal with valve to make movies of half-life and portal	why is this a til ? it was all over reddit a 4-5 months ago

1 , while hunting , asian giant hornets can kill up to 40 honeybees per minute .	i found it really interesting that when english honey bees were introduced to japan , to fend off the japanese hornets , bees developed a method of killing the hornets
2 i believe these were japanese honey bees ... i've never heard that they weren't local ... ?	they were introduced to japan to produce honey and weren't native . i'm going off memory of something i saw maybe 5 years ago once , could be wrong !

1 after a test preview for apollo 13 , an audience member said he hated the movie because it had a " typical hollywood ending " and that the crew should	can someone link me something a test audience changed for the better ? all i ever hear is the bad stuff about them and i'd like a change of perspective
2 the original ending of * scott pilgrim vs . the world * was pretty flat and lifeless . you can see it on the disc extras . it lands like	how did it [ not ] end ?

1 warheads candy has a ph of 1.6 , compared to battery acid's ph of 1.0	these things destroyed my taste buds . but i can see why kids love captain toast crunch

1 after the australian 1 and 2 cent coins were phased out in late 1991 , they were melted down and used in the sydney 2000 olympics as bronze medals .	wait ... they had 2 cent coins ? that seems kind of silly .
2 we also had $ 1 and $ 2 notes , which were also silly . back in the days when money was still paper	we used to have them too ( in canada ) ... while it makes more sense to have $ 1 and $ 2 ... i can't see a reason for
3 what justification can you have for a $ 2 currency that couldn't be made for a 2c currency ? * ( for this purpose , ignore that 2c is a	i can't just ignore the small value ... 2c hasn't had value here since before i was born ... i'm not sure about aus . anyways , i'm more likely

1 chevy chase avoided the draft by falsely claiming he was homosexual .	he's not ?

1 in their 1983 film " monty python ’ s the meaning of life , " the pythons defined the meaning of life as " try to be nice to people	those preachy motherfuckers .

1 when nancy grace was a prosecutor , she was reprimanded three times for misconduct , including " her disregard of the notions of due process and fairness "	http://cdn.themetapicture.com/media/funny-Nancy-Grace-CNN.jpg

1 george foreman has made more money selling his grills than for his boxing career in which he was a 2 - time heavyweight champion	i ... i didn't know he was a boxer , i thought he was a celebrity chef .

1 jodie foster was so fluent in french that she dubbed her own movies .	umm i've been asleep for awhile ... is she still a lesbian ?

1 urea , a chemical found in your pee , is added to cigarettes to enhance flavour .	i don't know , if it's got urea in it's name , i dont want to drink it !

1 yang ( lenovo's ceo ) received a $ 3 million bonus as a reward for record profits , which he in-turn redistributed to about 10,000 of lenovo's employees . he	$ 300 each
2 > the bonuses were mostly distributed among staff working in positions such as production and reception who received an average of 2,000 yuan or about us $ 314 . this	1 - month's pay is quite a bit even though $ 314 seems low . very classy by yang .
3 $ 300 us is a huge sum of money in some parts of the world edit : http://imgur.com/gallery/LvCgp . this should clarify what i meant . that family in chad	i'd like to think that $ 300 is a decent sum even in the usa if you are minimum wage or thereabouts .

1 tim duncan grew up in the us virgin islands where he was gearing up for the 1992 olympics as a competitive swimmer until hurricane hugo destroyed the island's only olympic-sized	to be fair , everyone is afraid of sharks .

1 the oldest living person smoked cigarettes from the age of 21 to 117	too bad . she could have lived to be 123 .
2 hijacking this comment to point out the most interesting part of this story , which sometimes gets lost in the smoking debate comments each time this woman is on til	holy shit lol

1 a bear almost caused world war iii .	f - 106 ' s were interceptors , not bombers . they were nuclear armed in the sense that they had a nuclear air to air missile , and wouldn't
2 really ? that just seems weird to have a air to air nuclear missile . is the idea to take out the whole group of bombers with the single missile	you might get a kick of out these . destruction aside , the engineering and creativity is pretty impressive . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Davy_Crockett_(nuclear_device) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blue_Peacock

1 stalin hated his son yakov so much that when he failed to commit suicide by shooting himself stalin only commented " he can't even shoot straight . " during the	yakov was the russian fredo .
2 yakov , you're my son and i love you . but don't take sides against the family again . ever .	you broke my heart yakov !

1 there is a waterfall in minnesota called the devil's kettle that empties half its contents into a sinkhole . the outlet has yet to be found .	i visited this when i was little , me and my brother were messing around like the dumb kids we were and i slipped and came within inches of falling
2 actually , you would have just died .	their bodies would have found out where it went .

1 when a factory worker from wonka was asked about the production of nerds candy , he said " basically we start off with a sugar crystal and we just keep	try new sugar frosted sugar blasted purple berries !

1 the word “ ewok ” was never used in return of the jedi ( other than the script and closing credits )	it's weird , i remember loving the star wars films , i would regularly watch all three in a row on weekend mornings . i always knew they were called

1 australian cricketer sir donald bradman's batting average of 99.4 is often cited as statistically the greatest achievement by any sportsman in any major sport .	its 99.94 . and a side note - 9994 is a popular atm pin in australia .

1 while in the army clint eastwood was in a plane that ran out of fuel and crashed into the pacific , where afterwards he and the pilot swam 3 miles	i think one question to ask is what style did he use while swimming ? most people assume a front crawl , or breast stroke if you mention swimming .
2 breast stroke is a survival travel stroke ...	but is it really ideal for swimming 3 miles in the ocean ?
3 imo its the most efficient way of swimming for humans , so i guess it is , i don ´ t have problems swimming 6km breast stroke	i dunno , i'll take your word for it . i didn't even learn how to swim until i was damn near 20 .

1 not just one , but two wars were started because someone threw someone out of a window in prague .	hey , come here . czech out this window ...
2 i am not falling for that again !	this thread needs to get thrown out

1 in 1965 at age 90 and with no heirs jeanne calment sold her apartment to lawyer andré-françois raffray on a contingency contract . raffray , aged 47 agreed to pay	if i was that old and i knew that every day i lived i got to screw over some greasey lawyer , that alone would keep me going .

1 while volunteering for cooking duties for emergency personnel after 9/11 , batman voice actor kevin conroy treated emergency workers by shouting " " i am vengeance ! i am the	batman the animated series was my childhood , so many nostalgic episodes and the jokers laugh was absolutely perfect by mark hamill , to everyone who made the show ,
2 it's a shame mark hamill retired as the joker , but troy baker does an excellent job . so happy we're not stuck with a shitty joker .	hamill said he'd come back if they do the killing joke , ideally with animated series designs .

1 the coffee drink " americano or caffé americano " was created in world war ii when american g . i . s in italy would dilute espresso with hot water	yes , i've experienced this in italy . they still do it .

1 samuel l jackson often asks to have purple props used by his character . also i found this while reading about lightsabers	black people like purple ... and gold ... and lightening ... and images of dollarbills ... and tyler perry for some fucking reason . purple for black people is like
2 oooh , oooh , i'm mexican , what colour do * * i * * like ? !	¡ hecho !

1 while filming " the passion of the christ " jim caviezel , the actor that played jesus , was struck by lightning along with the assistant director , who was	" last modified 3 minutes ago . " well that cant be good ...

1 on december 11 , 2002 , two motorists called police to report seeing a car veering off a road , when police went to look , they found a car	so the drunk driver who ran the car off the road 5 months ago , felt guilty and reported it ?

1 no instrumental song reached number one in usa since 1985 .	wiggity waaaaaahh wiggityyy woogitty wahhh . that's a hot guitar solo i wrote just for you

1 after being caught by casino bigwigs and prosecuted in court the hyland card-counting team were acquitted of cheating after the judge found card-counting " was not cheating but merely the	poker is the only fair casino game because you're not playing against the house , you're playing against the other players .
2 doesn't the house take a cut ? why else would they have poker ?	they take a rake from each pot . usually 10 % up to a certain maximum dollar amount , depending on the stakes of the table .

1 the voice actor of futurama's fry was also the original voice for nickelodeon's doug - and that he hated the disney version of doug	relevantish : the voice of the cheshire cat is also the voice of winnie the pooh

1 hans island is a disputed territory between canada and denmark . when the danish visit , they leave a bottle of schnapps for the canadians . when the canadians visit	is op someone from my college class ? we just spoke about this yesterday in class . as canadians we are ok with sharing this island .

1 patrick stewart lost all his hair at 18 and believed that no woman would ever be interested in him again	alopecia or just the hair on his head ?

1 during the vietnam war jane fonda called american pow's " hypocrits and liars " and believed they weren't being subject to torture and inhuman treatment .	anerica has a constitution .

1 the compellingly challenging difficulty curve of space invaders ( many slow enemies which become faster the fewer are left ) wasn't a design choice , but a hardware limitation .	what a happy little accident .

1 after micheal jackson's death , google crashed for the first and only time after millions of people overloaded their servers .	i suspect that google handles millions on daily basis ...

1 the 10th doctor is engaged to his daughter ! ( okay , david tennant is engaged to the actress who played jenny , but still kinda weird ) .	that baby is going to be made of sexiness when it grows up .

1 christopher nolan's interstellar is the only film in the top 10 worldwide box office of 2014 to be wholly original--not a reboot , remake , sequel , or part of	and pacific rim held this title in 2013
2 pacific rim original ? giant robots fighting giant monsters ? it may not be a part of a remake or franchise , but i think it's safe to say there	" orginality in writing " isn't the same thing as the term original ip . we are discussing the latter in this thread . ( hence the downvotes i would

1 james doohan ( star trek's scotty ) saved a fan from suicide . after receiving a suicide note , he convinced her to attend his next convention appearance . later	a friend of mine got to drink with him in a bar in london one time .

1 your left boob is usually bigger than the right because of it's close proximity to the heart .	that explains why my right hand is bigger than my left , sort of .

1 arnold schwarzenegger refused to star in terminator 3 because james cameron wasn't directing . cameron told schwarzenegger to just do the film and ask for " nothing less than $	which one was t3 ?

1 gary oldman has never won , or even been nominated for an academy award	who cares if he's never won an oscar . he won best kiss at the mtv movie awards in 1993 !

1 instead of venom , the braconid wasp produces an immune-suppressing virus which paves the way for its parasitic larvae . this adaptation is the result of a 100 - million	i wonder how closely related the wasp virus is to hiv ?
2 ... and who was the real patient zero , the first guy who had sex with insects . edit : changed the word ' wasps ' to to ' insects	don't judge me .

1 a man in nebraska is breeding red cows and sending them to israel in hopes of a pure red heifer being born there ; such an event will allegedly prompt	some geeks will go to any lengths to recreate their favorite books in real life .

1 the last year the united states went without any deaths in a school shooting was 1981	usa ! usa !

1 cats only meow to get the attention of humans and do not meow to other cats	they are training us !

1 after tearing a ligament in his throwing arm during what would be his final game , nolan ryan threw one last pitch that was clocked at 98 mph .	the rock is strong , but nolan ryan is wise .

1 the us invasion of iraq was originally called ' operation iraqi liberation ' , but was quickly changed after realizing that spelled ' oil ' .	this may be that rare occurrence of coincidence and irony .

1 there is a 36 acre artificial reef in florida constructed entirely of tires . the " reef " failed as no marine life were able to inhabit it . the	offer $ 5 per tire turn in , and this place will be cleaned up in a month .
2 at a cost of only $ 2.5 million .	which is nothing if you consider the ecological impact of such an area . $ 2.5 million is pocket change to our governments ; state or federal .

1 in the new deal , fdr called for a new tax program called the revenue act of 1935 , which imposed an income tax of 79 % on incomes over	" fuck you too you wheel chair ridden bastard ! " \ - rockefeller
2 adjusted for inflation , jr's net worth today would be about $ 600,000 , 000,000 , * or something like 10-12 x the wealth of bill gates . * edit-based	and yet despite being that rich he still taught sunday school and even volunteered as a janitor at his church .

1 it was common for sailors to wear gold earrings so that in the event of their death and the body washed up on shore , the earring would serve as	and what was the parrot for ?

1 humans aren't appropriate prey for great white sharks because their digestion is too slow to cope with the high ratio of bone to muscle and fat .	most humans are poor prey for sharks because they are full of shit .

1 matt stone & trey parker had people warn them that there would be mormon protests surrounding their musical " the book of mormon " , but the church has had	great , now we do one about scientology .

1 when colonel robert gould shaw , commander of the all-black 54th regiment during the american civil war , died at fort wagner , he was stripped and buried with his	you should watch the movie glory with matthew broderick . it is the story of the 54th . really a powerful movie .
2 of course reddit loves the movie that epitomizes the white man's burden . the acting from denzel and morgan was obviously incredible and the battle scenes were nothing short of	alright . list them .
3 a simple google search yields plenty of results . i'm not going to write you an essay .	that's just plain super because as is you come off as snobbish . i don't care if you're right , wrong , or whatever , it's a poor attitude to

1 : in 1492 , the catholic monarchs of spain issued a decree banning all jews from spain . sultan bayezid ( a muslim ) then sent the ottoman navy to	funny what a difference a few centuries make .

1 the actor who plays theon greyjoy in game of thrones is lily allen's little brother .	am i the only one who doesn't give a shit who celebreties are related to ?

1 in 1524 a statue of virgin mary was charged as being a witch and was sent to a trial by water , when the statue floated they denounced it as	thank goodness we have tv now . people used to get sooooo bored .
2 " hey , jake , they're gonna toss that mary statue in the lake today . think it's a witch ? " " derrick , it's a fucking statue ,	maybe if it were a celibate statue , they wouldn't have thought it was bewitched .

1 when hitler forced the french to surrender during ww2 he did so on the site where the germans were forced to surrender in ww1 . not only that but he	anyone who watched the history channel back in the late 90s for more than five minutes knows that . ( i do realize that the late 90s might predate op

1 nascar rose in popularity in 1979 after the first nationally televised race ended with the leaders crashing on the last lap , and then proceeding to fight in the muddied	the 1979 daytona 500 was also on while the entire east cost was caught into a snow storm so everyone was home and tuned into the 500 which was one

1 text messaging costs $ 1310 per megabyte .	quick math : 20 cents per text message ( without an unlimited plan ) , 160 bytes per text message , and 1 048 576 bytes per megabyte . 1

1 astronomer percival lowell believed that he was the first person to observe canals on venus , but because of a faulty adjustment of the eyepiece of his telescope , he	as a scientist - - i get it . it's hard out there .

1 mary j . blige hit her own husband in the face and screamed , " what are you gonna do , chris brown me ? "	it gets even worse when you realize she is an anti domestic violence crusader . http://hiphop.popcrunch.com/mary-j-blige-domestic-violence-shelter-mary-j-blige-center-for-women/
2 | for women remember , to many feminist , women cannot commit domestic violence against men .	citation ?
3 / r / srs / r / feminsm	does / r / feminism actually believe that ? figured they were smarter than that srs on the other hand ...

1 in 2002 , bruce willis ' daughter suggested giving girl scout cookies to troops . he bought 12,000 boxes and delivered them to troops stationed throughout the middle east .	12,000 boxes ? di * abetes * hard .
2 die of betus , hard ?	die hard : of the betus

1 the real christopher robin later in life resented his father's use of his name claiming ' he was by climbing on my infant shoulders '	remember , just because he named a character after his son doesn't make him a good father .

1 jason lee divorced , and cut off all contact with , his first wife after she read an anti-scientology book	following his divorce from llywelyn , lee became engaged to actress beth riesgraf . together , they have a son , pilot inspektor . lee states their son's name was
2 he's a scientologist ... you can't expect him to be very bright .	penn jillette's kids ' names are moxie crimefighter and zolten penn .
3 what about frank zappa's kids ... moon unit , dweezil , ahmet and diva .	and he wasn't even on any drugs when he named them .

1 crayola's senior color maker was colorblind , and only admitted so after molding 1.4 billion crayons .	reminds me of the movie a hollywood ending ( woody allen ) . maybe being blind to certain things is a good way for true creativity to emerge ...

1 universal studios are planning to reboot " van helsing "	i think there is a shorter list of movies hollywood isn't planning to reboot .

1 brad pitt was banned from ever entering china because of his role in seven years in tibet .	their loss .

1 in fucking , austria , after the residents voted against changing the town's name , the mayor stated " fucking is fucking — and it's going to stay fucking .	fucking austria

1 mountain dew was created to be used as a mixer for whiskey and the name was slang for moonshine !	i mostly use it to wash down kfc
2 mixed with whiskey ?	they don't call it beer chicken for nothing .

1 one of america's first serial killers built a maze above a drug store with over 100 windowless rooms , where he would trap , torture , and murder his victims	he must have played violent video games . tis the only explanation .

1 jesse owens , the olympic athlete that trumped the nazis in the 1936 berlin olympiad by winning four gold medals , ended up working as a gas station attendant in	[ relevant and hilarious ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z7zqKbovsGc )

1 the us military has a secret , nearly silent type of velcro which reduces the ripping noise by over 95 %	why is the thumbnail of a zipper if the topic is of velcro ? wouldn't a pic of those jr . high velcro wallets be more appropriate ?

1 , in 1951 , after his plane crashed into the ocean , clint eastwood swam 3 miles to safety ( along with his pilot )	have you tag as fucking relevant ...

1 pasty white skin was considered more attractive until the 1920 ' s when coco chanel accidentally got a sunburn while on vacation and people started to emulate her .	women are willing slaves to fashion .

1 a 16 - year-old xhosa girl had a vision that to defeat the british soldiers the tribe should kill all the cattle and destroy the crops . tens of thousands	plot twist : she was a british secret agent .
2 plot twister : she was actually the british queen .	elton john ?

1 there is a stephen king novel that he himself pulled from the shelves because of it's creepy connection with actual school shootings .	i actually own a copy of this book . its a really good story .

1 shakira was banned from her school choir because her music teacher didn ’ t think she could sing and ' sounded like a goat '	she does sound like a goat . let's just say she has other attractive features : http://gfycat.com/ForsakenOpulentHackee
2 meh . i won't deny that's a great butt , i'd tear that ass up , but those are a dime a dozen in latin america .	i think i should relocate to latin america .
3 they already got those butts here . you must be in the wrong part of the country .	haha ... what country are you talking about ?

1 nunchuks are illegal in four us states and canada	teaching people to use nunchuks is illegal in canada . owning / using them is legal .

1 in the first pirates of the caribbean movie , the director insisted on actually having 882 aztec coins in the chest for " a sense of historical fantasy " .	not 100 percent sure the aztecs had currency .
2 they didn't use coins . they used cocoa beans as currency . not to mention cortés never got a ransom from the aztecs . they might be thinking on pizarro	hooray ... my people have been noticed in a blockbuster movie ... as a form of currency that we never used ... hooray ...

1 , in the aftermath of katrina , the neighboring town of gretna , whose levies held , turned away refugees from new orleans at gunpoint	jericho ... where is skeet ulrich when you need him .
2 i very rarely watch television but i really enjoyed that show . i was kinda pissed when it was canceled .	hell yeah , that first season was great . the second season clearly suffered from the post writers strike and budge cuts . sad .

1 coke in the u . s tastes different from almost anywhere else in the world because its sweetened with hcfs and not sugar .	they sell mexico coke where i live and it's cheaper , for more ... in a glass bottle . it taste like jesus
2 mexico is about to switch to hfcs too , actually . sorry ...	that would truly be sad .

1 the british government's advisor on illegal drugs was fired in 2009 after arguing that ecstasy and lsd were less dangerous than alcohol and tobacco .	and the truth shall set you free from a job .
2 what job tests you for lsd ? btw as far as i know , mushrooms are the only drug which is not screened with a normal drug test . they	you didn't even read the headline

1 cockroaches grown in space became quicker and stronger than their terrestrial counterparts	we're not on eath with them , they are on earth with us .

1 the rgb color gamut used in electronics can not display all possible colors . even if yellow is added , the device can still only display 87 % of all	what really gets me about this is that a lot of movies and tv shows are being made with digital cameras now . you have to wonder what is lost

1 the confederate battle flag , the modern day symbol associated with the civil war , was never formally adopted by the confederate congress nor flew at any state capitols .	the rebel flag was actually the pennsylvania calvary flag

1 women can reduce their risk of pre-eclampsia and miscarriages by frequently giving blow jobs , and the risk is lowered even further if they swallow . ( strictly scientific ,	now ... how realiable is science , really ? i mean , if you think about it , they still haven't explained why it's women and not men who ride

1 the " state meal " of oklahoma is fried okra , squash , cornbread , barbecue pork , biscuits , sausage and gravy , grits , corn , strawberries ,	i moved to oklahoma 10 years ago and have yet to be offered this . where's the damn welcome wagon ? !
2 all those stray shrubs on the side of the road are the only welcome you get . oklahoma is an unfortunate state .	they have fantastic steaks though . i've eaten premium steaks across the entire us , and some of my favorites have been in oklahoma .
3 its cuz we have our own cows	we have lots of our own cows here in the howling wilderness of northern ny , too .. our beef isn't anything to really brag about , though . if

1 there where irish slaves , also jamaican and caribbean accents are believed to have originated from the irish accent .	* were .

1 corporal punishment of children , including stapping , caning and paddling of buttocks , is still legal & widely used in public schools in alabama , arkansas , georgia ,	i read that as stabbing and thought what the fuck ?

1 it ’ s illegal for drug companies to advertise to consumers almost everywhere in the world . the only exceptions are the us and new zealand .	can someone tell me why there are advertisements for drugs anyways ? i'm not talking about otc either . why in the hell are there advertisements for prescription only drugs
2 commercials are usually short too : 20 seconds telling you what the drugs good for . 40 seconds telling you the drugs possible side-effects .	that's because of laws passed requiring a complete disclosure of all the possible risks .

1 the japanese authorities constructed a fence around a volcano to stop a trend of over 2000 people committing suicide by jumping in	jesus , japan goes hard in the pants when it comes to suicide . they hang themselves in forests of death and jump into volcanoes . we usually just od
2 hard in the pants ? i think you mean * hard in the paint * . but hey , it's your comment .	" hard in the pants " makes more sense .

1 the x-files episode ' home ' which was about a murderous inbred family was loosely based on a story from charlie chaplin's autobiography where a family introduced him to their	this was one of the more disturbing episodes for me ! what a crazy tidbit !
2 this is probably the best monster of week episode .	i've just started re-watching the x-files for the first time since they originally aired . to me the motw episodes are the best part of the show . i skip
3 same here . i heard they released a box set of just the alien episodes . wished they did the same for the motw eps !	you and me both !

1 ancient romans would shower daily , until the rise of christianity , which made good hygiene a religious taboo	ancient mayan used to bath several times at day , they got amazed how stinky europeans were . nowadays it's the same in cancun .

1 the chief of police in st . paul let mobsters like machine gun kelly , john dillinger and baby face nelson live in the city as long as they didn't	yup , my mom lives in one of jon dillinger's hideaway homes . the only reason there's a newer garage ( in comparison to the age of the house )

1 there is a factory in japan which can run unsupervised for 30 days at a time . robots build other robots at the rate of 50 per 24 - hour	what happens after each 30 days ? just checks or what ?

1 suffixes and prefixes are both kinds of affixes , but there are also nine other categories	categories schmategories

1 1 in 4 u . s . high school students falls asleep in class every week	per week ? more like per day
2 this is what i would have thought but then i remembered that not every high school started before 7 am like mine did .	and an hour long bus ride because you are the first motherfucker on the route .

1 some people campaigned against the casting of idris elba to play heimdall in thor because ' it was wrong for a black man to play a nordic god ' .	am i the only person who read the comic and knows the gods are actually space aliens with no race ?

1 there is a john cleese voice option for tomtom , and when you must " bear to the right " , it is followed by " beaver to the left	this thread is worthless without a video .
2 [ here you have one . ] ( http://youtu.be/7lVXT5NZsSM?t=12s )	[ yes , i know who you are . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c1JHI7c-Id8&feature=youtube_gdata_player )

1 johnny knoxville is the result of " significant inbreeding " . this was discovered by a genealogist he himself hired .	interesting . i think its worth noting that while he may be inbred he's obviously smart enough to make a crap-ton of money * acting * like an idiot and
2 i'm pretty sure inbreeding once is like , fine , and twice is like " slow down with that , okay " and any more than that is sloth from	did someone mention sloths ? here's a random fact ! the algae in a three-toed sloths fur supplements the diet of the sloth . this algae growth would not be

1 if you don't identify as an " extrovert " or " introvert , " you might be an " ambivert . " an ambivert is moderately comfortable with groups and	i'm not an ambiturner

1 honey badgers will dig up human corpses in india , devouring the body , including the bones .	" they tear off ... your testicles ... " - jeremy clarkson , top gear adventure , africa - edit : fixed by request from spoggerific .
2 man that was a great special .	the second best ... my favorite is vietnam .

1 no winter olympic medals have every been won by a tropical nation .	too bad australia doesnt count after our stunning speed skating performance a few games ago !

1 a former italian porn star became a politician and continued to make adult movies while a member of parliament	anyone else besides me think she was one of the most un-attractive porn stars ever ? i mean , she had the facial features of a man , and her
2 after some google images research it seems she was pretty attractive at first but quickly turned into a " fake lips and too much makeup " case attractive : [	i believe that's called aging poorly .

1 : the director roman polanski pleaded guilty of raping a 13 year old girl in 1977 but fled the u . s to avoid charges , this is why his	sad that he most likely won't pay for his crime , even if extradition is still currently being sought . http://www.cnn.com/2015/02/25/europe/roman-polanski-extradition/

1 pulp fiction is technically a disney film , and was the first film completely financed by mirimax	i can't wait to summon the gimp in kingdom hearts iii .

1 , while samuel morse was in new york , he received a letter that warned of his wife's illness . morse left for home but arrived to find his wife	if he really loved her , he would have invented a time machine .

1 prisoners in 48/50 us states are denied the right to vote ( voting is not a fundamental right in the usa )	i completely agree with this . you commit a crime , you can't have any say so in the running of your country . seems fair . now most politicians
2 > * you commit a crime , you can't have any say so in the running of your country * ... which makes putting people into prison a convenient way	dun dun * dun ! *

1 over 90 % of pregnancies in the united kingdom and europe with a diagnosis of down syndrome are terminated .	> when non pregnant people are asked if they would have a termination if their fetus tested positive 23 – 33 % said yes quite a discrepancy there .
2 note that 90 % is a portion of those who have tests run , not a portion of overall ds pregnancies . if you take the 23-33 % responses as	while the tests are fairly safe , they aren't entirely without risk , so if you had no intention of acting upon the results , you might as well avoid

1 when hunter s . thompson died , his ashes were shot out of a cannon by johnny depp to the tune of " mr . tambourine man " by bob	nice to see a post about the great one get so high . personal hero of mine , hence the username .

1 in 1974 egyptologists observed ramesses ii's mummy's condition was rapidly deteriorating and flew it to paris for examination . he was issued an egyptian passport that listed his occupation as	" however , a website run by the l'oréal group states that microscopic inspection by l'oréal researchers revealed that " the pharaoh was naturally blond and that he used a
2 caucasian ? i guess they could only confirm this ... after he dyed .	don't know , but many in middle east get born with blonde hair and stay like that till they're teens .
3 can confirm , you can't differentiate between my mother and a scandinavian woman	there's probably a joke there somewhere

1 a pilot was actually recorded saying " i picked a bad day to stop sniffin ' glue " just before crashing his 737 .	it sounds like airplane ! , except if i remember correctly it was the tower supervisor .

1 a man renovated a three story hotel specifically to kill people . it included stairways to nowhere and a maze of over 100 windowless rooms . he killed as many	it is incredible how blase the comments are about this . 100 years of safe distance and a horrific tragedy is now just " an awesome horror movie plot !
2 i mean to be fair , when a guy shoots up a school , come on , 0 creativity , 0 anything . a guy builds an entire hotel dedicated	interesting user name ...

1 there are more vending machines in japan than people in new zealand	very nice but new zealand has 60 million sheep . take that japan .

1 80 % of black smokers smoke menthols	as a gas station employee i can confirm this . newport is by far the king of black cigarettes , if you smoke newports you're either black or a trashy
2 what do all the other white people smoke ?	quick stereotypical rundown : black people : newport / kool / salems normal white people : camel / marlboro / basic poor white people : maverick / pyramid / pall
3 special hawaii rules : anyone that's poor probably smokes usa gold or rolls their own .	for some reason i decided to google usa gold because i've never seen them and i found this guy ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CeIfrc1P1Xs / r / cringe anyone ?

1 mary-kate olsen refused to speak to authorities about the death of heath ledger without the promise of legal immunity	that's a very reasonable thing to do when someone died and you could be a suspect . you shouldn't spread around the idea that taking steps to protect yourself implicates
2 there is no situation so bad , that talking to the police cannot make it worse .	i'm stealing that line :) witty , and deadly accurate .

1 the dutch swear with diseases . instead of calling a person a ' cunt , ' one may wish a horrible or deadly disease on you ( i . e	hey ! i bet you learned this because of my comment ! http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/1tptln/im_an_airline_pilot_today_a_passenger_gave_our/ceadoz1

1 the u . s . briefly banned sliced bread in 1943	ya know what , this frickin reminds me of my last job as a shuttle driver for a private flight school . each van idled or was in use 18
2 wat	man im drunk right now

1 brendan small , co-creator and voice actor of metalocalypse , performs the vocals , lead guitar , rhythm guitar , keyboards , and ( most ) bass guitar for all	i remember when metalocalypse first started he did some videos showcasing the guitar and for some reason i remember him being a major fucking douche . can someone confirm /
2 those were very tongue in cheek . " i'm not gonna hold your hand you figure it out . " the video even starts out with the text " guitar	yeah it's been a long time , i just remember thinking " this guy is a douche " i was young and probably jealous he was famous .

1 coloring is also what legos are made of .	it's lego ! ( god dammit )

1 the show ' firefly ' has been permanently added to the international space station as a form of entertainment for the station's crews .	i worry for the poor astronaut who's never seen the show , sits down to watch the episode " out of gas " and freaks the hell out .
2 i just feel bad for them in general , it's almost torture watching the few episodes and knowing there aren't anymore ...	there's a whole comic spin off series .
3 what series ?	[ there are several comic books set in the firefly / serentity universe , and i'm pretty sure they're all canon ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Serenity_(comics\) )

1 abc aired saving private ryan on veteran's day , unedited , every year starting in 2001 . the practice ended in 2004 ( the year of nipplegate ) , when	your being conditioned to kill when called upon to do so , and at the same time , being conditioned to be afraid of love and the naked human form

1 only 10 % of detroit's population is white	and we wonder why crime is so high in detroit .

1 neurosurgeon robert j . white wanted to perform a head transplant surgery on physicist stephen hawking and actor christopher reeve .	so hawkings head on reeves body and reeves head on hawkings body ? seems like a waste of time and effort .
2 no , the two are separate instances . he wanted to transplant their heads on non-paralyzed able bodies from a donor .	i can't get the purpose of it from the article . since he severed the spinal cord both subjects would be paralyzed . i assume it would alleviate some of

1 during the first few minutes of the hunt for red october the film switches from russian to english . the switch occurs on the word " armageddon " , which	and here i was thinking i just got the hang of the russian language really quick .
2 there's an oldish british comedy called ' allo ' allo , set in nazi occupied france . everyone speaks in english but with the accent of their own language .	good moaning !

1 trickle-down economics used to be known as the " horse and sparrow " theory based on the idea that if you feed the horse enough oats , some will pass	absolutely nothing .

1 when genghis khan sent a trade caravan to the khwarezmid empire , the governor of one city seized it and killed the traders . genghis khan retaliated by invading the	real life khal drogo

1 famous philosopher bertrand russell contemplated suicide as a teenager but chose against it because he wanted to learn more about mathematics .	i want nature to rip my last breathe from my lungs . i refuse to ever give up .
2 you just pumped me way the fuck up . that's hardcore .	yyeaaaaaaaahhhh fucin'a mayyum bro soooo pumped yyeyaaaaaaaaahhah

1 fenway park opened on april 20 , 1912 . happy 103rd birthday ! i hope to get there one day .	what does hitler , this user , george takei , miranda kerr , tiger stadium and fenway have in common ? happy patriots day !
2 my mind is exploding . way too much is going on today . all that , plus titanic , marathon , marathon bombings , the actual battle of lexington and	the marathon bombings happened on april 15th .

1 nobel prize-winning biochemist kary mullis stated that his lsd use greatly helped him develop the polymerase chain reaction , a commonly used technique in molecular biology .	kary mullis is an example that crazy people can have good ideas . he believes he's encountered a glowing green raccoon that was a representative of an extraterrestrial race ,
2 well to be fair , the fed actually is a tool for a few people to make money off the backs of the masses .	you're legitimately insane if you think central banking hasn't improved the quality of life of billions of people .

1 ryan white , an hiv / aids spokesman in the 80s , was expelled from middle school after contracting hiv from an infected blood transfusion . 117 parents and 50	i went to western middle school . some of the older teachers i've talked to had him in class . there was a lot of ignorance and fear that led

1 the 2008 film ' rambo ' provided a huge morale boost to the karen freedom fighters in burma , who even adopted dialogue from the movie ( most notably "	i saw this six times in theater .
2 you poor man .	awh comeon , the 50.cal firefight at the end was fucking badass !

1 while high profile scientists such as carl sagan have advocated the transmission of messages into outer space , stephen hawking has warned against it , suggesting that aliens might simply	probably because that's what we would do .
2 who would do that ? i wouldn't . neither would anyone i know . stop karmawhoring with pessimistic clichés .	is it pessimistic karma whoring , or a distinct probability ? im assuming you and those you know do not run the world .
3 i don't think any of my countries leaders would support nonsense like exploiting another intelligent species . so , what is your point ? that might be because i'm living	how naive we are . you will be democratic as long as you have resources . until then , you'll behave like savages or die .

1 michael jai white was the first african american man to portray a major comic book superhero in a major motion picture ( spawn in 1997 ) . he was also	meteor man gets no love .

1 the inventor of the modern bikini declared it wasn ’ t a real bikini unless it could be “ pulled through a wedding ring ” and after its modern debut	for a page dedicated to bikinis , they sure did have some disappointing pictures .

1 in 1984 an contestant made it onto the game show press your luck . he discovered using his stop-motion vcr that the presumed random patterns of the game board were	yep , i remember very well and they also ran a special about it on gsn ( game show network ) with peter tomarken ( before he passed ) .

1 motion sickness is a psychological defense mechanism against neurotoxins . your brain realizes there is a disconnect between what your eyes see and what your inner ear feels and concludes	that is awesome

1 dexter holland , the lead singer for the offspring , was a ph . d . candidate in molecular biology	and noodles ( the lead guitar ) was a school janitor who joined because he was old enough to buy them booze .

1 in " a . i . artificial intelligence " , child actor haley joel osment suggested to steven spielberg that to portray an android well he shouldn't blink . osment	that sounds plausible , until you realize that some sort of artificial blinking response would be one of the first things we'd put in androids to make them seem more

1 according to a uk psychiatry study , 3 out of 11 personality disorders were more common in executives than in criminal psychiatric patients . the business people were described as	functional psychopaths are pretty much natural born alpha males . they're fearless , charming and confident . the problem is that impulsiveness is a common trait of psychopathy , so
2 > they're fearless , charming and confident . the problem is that impulsiveness is a common trait of psychopathy not to mention deceitful , manipulative , callous , remorseless ,	all pretty good traits to becoming an alpha male .
3 ... and becoming a horrible person , if not downright criminal .	sure , but you can certainly be both or neither , or just one of those things .

1 100 years ago detroit electric automobiles were reliably getting 80 miles between recharging , and one test saw 211.3 miles on a single charge .	an amazing feat but they were slow and really distance isn't as much of an issue as you think . the biggest issue is distance vs . charge time to

1 secret service agents lived in chelsea clinton's dorm , and posed as students , while she was an undergrad at stanford	i wonder if her secret service agent ever got sexiled from the room and had to watch friends reruns in the dorm lobby until she unlocked the door ...
2 in her dorm building , not in her room .	are there female ss agents ?

1 preventing an abort of the apollo 11 mission has been attributed to the work of margaret hamilton , the lead flight software designer for project apollo . she was 31	one day i hope to live in a world where equality has reached such a point that this story is not considered remarkable on account of it being about a

1 strom thurmond who staunchly opposed the 1964 civil rights act to end segregation was the father of a secret , illegitimate mixed race child with his 16 year-old black maid	" now ya see here , boy . you just don't understand how these things work . what i do is my business . and what is some lil '

1 when lawyer jack thompson found out you can kiss other guys in the t-rated game bully , he wrote a letter to the esrb about it saying " good luck	and yet when anita sarkeesian says the same stupid shit as jt everyone applauds her .
2 is this your first day on reddit ?	reddit isn't the entire universe .

1 peta had a problem with the whaling segment of assassins creed : black flag . ubisoft dismissed it saying they did not condone whaling any more than they they condoned	i just assume peta has a problem with everything until proven otherwise .

1 in 1992 , police in greensboro , north carolina told the management of a local retailer that they would no longer respond to any emergency calls at the store unless	1 . click the wikipedia article of the day 2 . find random fact on the page 3 . post to reddit 4 . ? ? ? 5 . profit

1 john wayne died of stomach cancer , which is highly suggested to have been caused by filming downwind of a nuclear weapons test . wayne refused to believe the fallout	they died making a film about genghis khan . thats another 91 victims to the conqueror 800 years after his death .
2 not only that , but by most peoples reckoning , it was a horrible movie .	" conquering the world on horseback is easy ; it is dismounting and making an entertaining biography that is hard . "
3 it is known .	da khan of khans

1 the guillotine was still the official method of execution in france until the death penalty was abolished ... in 1981 .	when it started to be used as a method of execution it was considered the most humane method available . it leaves less to chance than an actual executioner and
2 indeed . but with a sharp blade , there's actually a risk that a guillotine will be * less * humane than long-drop hanging , because the decapitation shock doesn't	surely the instantaneous and massive drop in blood pressure would shut down the brain instantly . hell , i black out if i get up too suddenly .
3 based on anecdotal evidence , it's believed that a person may still be conscious for a few seconds after decapitation . you're probably right for most cases , though .	and based on non-anecdotal evidence , a lot of times prisoners being executed via lethal injection are in huge amounts of pain , and are just paralyzed so they can't

1 the artificial sweetener sucralose ( splenda ) was discovered when a researcher misheard a command to " test this chemical " as " taste this chemical " .	i feel like that researcher was not very bright if they tasted unknown chemicals
2 you'd be surprised how often " fuck it , give it a taste " has lead to discoveries . sucralose , aspartame , msg , worcestershire sauce ... really ,	oxiracetam makes an awesome sweetener , and it is also a smart drug . unfortunately it also comparatively expensive .

1 in 1966 french president charles de gaulle demanded that all american military personnel leave france . american president lyndon johnson asked if that order applied to american soldiers in french	then what happened ?

1 after watching star wars for the first time in 1977 , james cameron quit his job as a truck driver to enter the film industry .	* " as much as i love star wars ( 1977 ) and as much as it's really revolutionized the imaging business , it went off the rails in the
2 when will people stop seeing star wars as a sci-fi film and start seeing it for the fantasy epic that it is ? seriously , star wars has more in	i thought it was a space opera .

1 tyson foods refuses to sell to costco because costco tests beef for e . coli .	first off - tyson is horrible . second off this is bs because costco does sell tyson foods .

1 up until 1978 , the mormon church taught that blacks were once an evil race of jews who were colored by god for their wickedness .	i really want to watch a mormon and scientologist debate .
2 i want to watch a black mormon and a black scientologist debate .	random pacific region mormon vs will smith

1 nearly one-third of u . s . children aged 4 to 19 eat fast food on a daily basis , which will likely result in them gaining about 6 extra	does chipotle count as fast food ? if so , guilty as charged .

1 mathematicians have jokingly proposed a standard unit of measurement for beauty : the " millihelen . " inspired by helen of troy , a millihelen is defined as " the	i wonder who could be 1000 millihelens , like helen of troy . brad pitt in his thirties ? charlize theron , maybe ? some people think certain people are
2 hey , you only need 1000 ships worth of people out of 7 billion . it's a lot , but i could see 40.000 to 50.000 people being willing as	in the * odyssey * , odysseus ' ship carries 72 men if i recall correctly , so assuming that to be an average for a greek trireme , a

1 rick astley only made $ 12 in royalties from the millions of youtube views and videos from rickrolling .	i thought it said 12 million and i was like " that's a metric fuckton of money " and then i reread and i felt bad .
2 [ i think he'll be okay . ] ( http://www.celebritynetworth.com/richest-celebrities/singers/rick-astley-net-worth/ )	every celebrity i've heard talk about this site has said it's completely wrong .
3 where have you heard celebs talk about it , radio ?	yeah , mostly on morning / afternoon talk

1 bob marley's " no woman , no cry " lists v . ford as the songwriter so that the royalty checks could be used to run a soup kitchen .	" v . ford " also taught bob marley the [ basics of the guitar and allowed him and his friends to hold practices at the soup kitchen . ]
2 it's actually a pretty good reason to allow random bands practice in unused business space . if one of them strikes it big , you can later say you allowed	i tried , i truly did everything in my power to figure out wtf larry is trying to say ... mrs south carolina made more sense than this .

1 axis forces had a kill to death ratio of 2:1 in wwii , and that for every axis civilian killed in the fighting over ten allied civilians were killed	wtf is a " kill to death ratio "
2 you've never played a shooter ?	never . the last game i played was frogger , back when it was new .

1 the earliest piece of great literature , the epic of gilgamesh , includes a story in which gilgamesh is told to build a ship to save the animals of the	you have to already assume the bible is false to assume the bible is copied from the epics of gilgamesh , as according to the bible , there was no

1 a freedom of information request by uk's the sunday times newspaper in 2012 revealed that blair's government considered knighting syria's president bashar al-assad .	i'm evidently confused as to how knighting works . i was under the impression only british citizens could be knighted ? ninja edit : or is it just that only

1 andre the giant once drank 127 beers in a hotel bar , passed out in the lobby , and , because he was so large , no one could move	i think andre was one of the astartes . may he find himself within the presence of the corpse god .
2 only in death does duty end .	and even then ... .. servo skulls and servitors .

1 about the taiwanese government , which has 5 branches of government : legislative , executive , judicial , one branch to investigate corruption , and one branch to test civil	there's still plenty of corruption in taiwan , afaik . grass isn't greener on the other side .

1 in 1959 , the washington redskins were the only holdout in approving the application for the expansion dallas cowboys . needing the vote to be unanimous , the cowboys bought	then the redskins fucked up by not putting their starting qb on the exemption list and the cowboys promptly took him .

1 north korean soldiers in the joint security area of the korean dmz stand facing each other rather than south korean soldiers so that one soldier kills the other if he	[ run dmz ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DmKHuq-IxjM )

1 roy sullivan , a park ranger , was struck by lightning seven times in his career , but ended up shooting himself at age 71	relevant : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zHTP3S6feYo

1 every team in the bundesliga is in what used to be west germany .	sorry , as someone who knows little to nothing about german history ( other than the 2 major wars ) could someone please explain to me how berlin really worked
2 yes	ok , well how did the people there survive ? i'm probably not aware how big west berlin was , but how did the people there survive ?
3 well there was still some traffic between east and west berlin , they weren't completely " trapped " . however , in 48/49 , that access was denied by the	ah ! ok ! thanks very much ! always interested to learn !

1 over 90 % of pregnancies in the united kingdom and europe with a diagnosis of down syndrome are terminated .	it's actually comforting somewhat to hear this . i often feel guilty that i would want to do the same , somewhat alleviated that i'm in the great majority .
2 that doesnt make it right .	it doesn't make them wrong for ultimately wanting a decent life for themselves and their family .

1 the tv comedy malcolm in the middle used mood-setting music in lieu of canned laughter . artists included abba , they might be giants , kenny rogers , elo &	erm ... doesn't every single tv show and movie that doesn't use a laugh-track instead use " mood setting music " ?

1 not a single cactus grows in the sahara , as cacti are native only to the americas .	can confirm live in the south west desert

1 a soldier in world war 1 performed a battlefield-esque maneuver when he fell out of and landed back in his plane whilst attempting a loop	pics or it didn't happen
2 yeah there is no way i'm believing this actually happened .	boo , i hate boring people like you who always claim everything amazing is fake . we live in a fucked up world where only pics matter .

1 christopher lee ( saruman , count dooku ) volunteered to serve in the winter war , served in wii in raf , is knighted , holds world record for most	today you learned something you should have known for a long time

1 on several occasions , harrison ford has personally provided emergency helicopter services at the behest of local authorities , in one instance rescuing a hiker overcome by dehydration in jackson	this should be a movie

1 ella schuler was so old she couldn't put her real date of birth on facebook	" supercentenarian spouse john cecil schuler ( b . june 22 , 1899 - d . march 1983 ) ( m . august 19 , 1923 - march 1983 ;

1 an acre was the amount of land tillable by one man behind one ox in one day .	one man ox day . of course .

1 there is no evidence that gun control lowers crime rates .	gun control increases crime because criminals don't follow the law , it just disarms law abiding citizens , and makes them easy prey . look how well a total gun
2 seems to be doing ok in the uk .	heard ya'll are having a problem with knives though ?
3 that is true .	well same logic applies , so when are you going to ban knives ?

1 john mccain broke both arms and a leg , then had his shoulder crushed when his plane went down in north vietnam . he was then tortured for two years	agree with him or not , he sounds like a real badass
2 he also believed that sarah palin was qualified for the most important job in the world . so , ya know ... there's that . edit : to all the	no he didn't , the republican party forced her onto his campaign to try to win the female vote .
3 you are exactly right , and it seems that they started at the bottom of the list of qualified possibilities .	it was a very short list ... mike huckabee or r'money . wasn't gonna be ron paul ..

1 in one of his dracula movies , christopher lee refused to speak the poor dialogue his character was given . they made the movie anyway with him being mute .	dae bela lugosi ? just me ? okay . . _ .

1 : when asked about atheists pope francis replied " they are our valued allies in the commitment to defending human dignity , in building a peaceful coexistence between peoples and	i had to read that many times . dad says i'm just angry at god and going to hell . his pastor says i've lost the way of god but
2 * * don't be a dick * * is a good way to live whether or not there is a god or heaven or hell .	we should make a new church , the don't be a dick church
3 i will make my own church , and it will have blackjack and hookers .	in fact , forget the religion !

1 when the girl featured on the front cover of vampire weekend's ' contra ' album artwork found out about the illegal use of her 26 year old photo , she	for reference : [ the original ] ( http://www.vampireweekend.com/images/kirtsten.jpg )

1 elvis presley flew to denver and back one night just to pick up a fool's gold loaf : an 8,000 calorie sandwich made from a hollowed out loaf filled with	" david alder's book contains a detailed account of the event that made both elvis and the fool's gold loaf sandwich famous . " i mean ... i'm fairly sure
2 did he do something else ? i've only heard of him in regards to sandwiches .	wasn't elvis a crappy johnny bravo impersonator ?

1 when yao ming played his first game in miami , the heat promoted the game by passing out 8,000 fortune cookies . yao wasn't offended because he had never seen	" fortune cookies were an american invention . that's why they are hollow , and full of lies " - that one figurehead villian in ironman
2 the fake mandarin	you know , i kinda expect he'll be back , and actually be the mandarin , five rings and all . what better way to get out when everything goes
3 have you seen the short ? the mandarin is real	i didn't see the short , i'll look for it when i get home from work

1 michael keaton was so against batman forever , that even $ 15 m couldn ’ t sway him to reprise his role .	i really liked batman forever :(

1 woo bum-kon , a south korea police officer who carried out the largest known incident of spree killing in modern history with 57 killed and 35 injured , went on	being swatted at 7:30 am does not equal a killing spree at 9:30 pm
2 the start of a day that gets progressively worse and worse ..	you speak , of course , of the swatted fly effect , starring ashton kutcher

1 an astronaut suffered a heart attack while on the moon , but survived because high oxygen levels in his suit and zero gravity created a virtual icu	if by " a heart attack " you mean " an irregular heartbeat " , and by " on the moon " you mean " in space " , and

1 an avocado is technically a berry .	so guacamole is juice ?

1 president andrew jackson threw the first white house kegger after his inauguration speech in 1829 .	am i the only one who looked to see if this " kegger " actually had a keg ? it didn't .

1 93 % of americans rate themselves as better than average drivers	93 % of 161 students in america rated themselves as above average drivers . op , quit being a bundle of sticks .

1 band of brothers was the most expensive miniseries ever with a production cost of $ 125 million until it's sister series the pacific was released in 2010 .	worth every penny .
2 both were	i agree , but are there any movies that relates to wars and is this good ? ?
3 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Bridge_on_the_River_Kwai http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tora!_Tora!_Tora ! are two excellent war movies ( although tora ! tora ! tora ! is more about grand-scale imagery than personal stories like bob ) . these come	agree completely about the pacific . why do you think it was so inferior ? i found it was not staying with any particular group long enough for me to

1 a women fabricated a story about being on the 78th floor of the south wtc after it was hit . she became the president of the wtc survivors network .	she ruined her own life over nothing in my opinion .
2 that was like real life karma . people let flies fuck on their wirst for this shit ... they even cum in boxes .	> people let flies fuck on their wirst wat
3 it's true	it is known

1 despite having a net worth of over $ 50 billion , ikea founder ingvar kamprad still drives a ' 93 volvo . he also recycles tea bags and takes salt	[ the car in question ] ( http://i.imgur.com/YSONK9t.jpg )
2 real life gus fring ?	güs fring

1 when neil armstrong first walked on the moon , he carried with him a piece from the wright brothers ' first airplane	now the first person on mars needs a piece of apollo 11
2 shouldn't be too difficult . just grab it from studio where they faked the moon landing and have an intern take it to the set where they will fake the	i just cut my self on that edgy comment

1 the chainsaw was originally designed as a medical tool used in symphysiotomy - the widening of a woman's pelvis to aid in childbirth	all i can think of now is leatherface being a doctor . god damn it !

1 there is a set of female conjoined twins , one of whom identifies as male	> there is a set of conjoined twins , one of whom is a male ftfy edit : if you're going to talk about trans people , you should know
2 i love finding posts like this because you just know the comment history is going to be a gold mine .	holy shit , you're right ; it is a goldmine .

1 marcus luttrell , a former navy seal , chased four men through four counties while armed with two 9mm berettas because they killed his dog , dasy .	never fuck with a man's dog

1 shakira was banned from her school choir because her music teacher didn ’ t think she could sing and ' sounded like a goat '	well to be fair , he was right

1 over 800 people tried to accurately guess the weight of an ox at a fair in 1906 . although not a single person guessed the correct weight , the mean	the median was within 0.8 % the mean ( average ) was even closer , almost 10 times more accurate or within about 0.08 % .
2 did they take into account outliers ? if i wanted to use this trick and saw someone was trolling and wrote 0 or 100,000 lbs , would i include these	in the wisdom of crowds book it says outliers ( in real life , usually ' dumb ' people ) are important to include in your group . the reasoning

1 of starfish . a 60 ' s us military experiment designed to see what would happen when a nuke was detonated 250 miles above earth's magnetic pole . it resulted	the world would be a better place without the us military .

1 neil flynn , who played janitor on scrubs , would improvise in the role so often that once the screenplay said ' janitor : whatever neil says '	it's scrubs week in / r / todayilearned ! !
2 every year i go on a binge scrubs marathon . i guess it's that time .	yep , same here . time to go watch all * 8 glorious seasons * of scrubs again .

1 for one day in 1940 a section of a hospital in ottawa , canada became international territory so a dutch princess could be born a full dutch citizen ( a	why does a dutch princess have to be born in an international territory ? what does that even mean ?

1 ohio and minnesota enforce special license plates for dui offenders	they're called party plates here in ohio . they're just a solid yellow plate , which is funny because , they look exactly like a lot of new york plates
2 i've lived in ohio my whole life and i've never seen party plates ( but i know they're out there ) . are they really mandated ? feels like it's	i work with someone who had to get party plates after they lead cops on a 90 mph drunk chase . the car won't start unless they blow in a

1 prince performed a cover of radiohead's " creep " at coachella , but forced youtube to remove footage that fans had taken of the performance . youtube reinstated the videos	now i want radiohead to cover prince's batdance in retaliation .
2 correct me if i'm wrong , but wouldn't prince retain the rights to remove in that case ? edit : [ case dismissed ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2ofb3v/til_that_prince_performed_a_cover_of_radioheads/cmmshhh?context=3 )	the weird thing is i don't think he does . iirc , artists are allowed to cover who ever they want . they just can't copy the song direct in
3 try telling that to will.i.am who blatantly rips off music even when his permission to sample the song , is denied ...	vanilla ice ripped queen - under pressure and claimed his had one extra note

1 cats kidneys are so efficient that they can drink salt water ( sea water ) to rehydrate themselves	unironically , cats also are very likely to have kidney failure at old age .
2 because cats are fickle about where they drink . the pee brains would rather dehydrate themselves then drink from what their tiny little cute heads think is bad water .	it's about what they perceive as fresh water . cat's are absolutely fascinated with flowing water . leave your bathroom sink on a slow trickle and it's like you shined
3 it stems from instinct saying that unmoving stagnant water is likely contaminated , and flowing water is usually fresh .	animals are fascinating man .

1 john bonhan , drummer for led zeppelin died after drinking 40 shots of vodka in a single day . he started the day with 4 quadruple vodkas for breakfast	itt : people thinking they could out-drink john bonham

1 the company behind itt tech was once one of the biggest conglomerates on earth . they grossed $ 8 billion in 1970 , were heavily involved in the brazilian and	every time i see something about this school i die a little inside knowing i got suckered into it when i was 18 . my parents didn't know any better
2 it's definitely a second chance college , not something to start in . less than 3 years after graduation i'm earning more in a year than what i paid for	whaddya study ?

1 in 1982 soviet spies stole a computer system already infected with a virus by the cia in anticipation , causing the largest non-nuclear explosion in history .	last time i checked , " most monumental " does not mean , " largest " . some people just can't paraphrase , huh ?

1 hugh hefner defended playboy publishing a story about straight men being persecuted in a gay society with " if it was wrong to persecute heterosexuals in a homosexual society then	interesting indeed . nader nazemi

1 jimmy fallon initially majored in computer science but dropped out a semester shy of a degree and switched to communications . " i got out once it got really hard	probably http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Discrete_mathematics
2 i took basically discrete mathematics ... my school just called it algorithms and data structures . which looking back was a terrible name for the course since i basically learned	algorithms and data structures and discrete math are two totally different things ..

1 the catholic church considers the theory of evolution to be " virtually certain " , and believes that intelligent design " isn't science even though it pretends to be .	science vs . religion , at some point , became an interesting narrative in the media . just an observation , not laying blame here . its more like science

1 " 3 ninjas " was the most profitable film of 1992 because of its small budget .	i don't feel so hot , dudes

1 young george r . r . martin began writing by selling monster stories for pennies to other neighborhood children , dramatic readings included	the pizzas are on their way ... really guys

1 the dutch swear with diseases . instead of calling a person a ' cunt , ' one may wish a horrible or deadly disease on you ( i . e	combine that with the slave trade , and bam ! it's all smiles and clogs .

1 each letter in the english alphabet has an official word spelling out the letter . for example , " h " is spelled " aitch " and " y "	double u should be double v . i will never make sense of this .

1 blue moon beer is made by millercoors , but miller coors doesn't seem to want anyone to know that	just glad to live in michigan where we have bell's and other fine microbeer brewers in the state .
2 amen ! bells , shorts , founders - now that i'm out of michigan i miss them dearly and can barely bring myself to explore the california beers .	try lagunita's ( li'l sumpin ' , maximus ) and stone ( ipa , arrogant bastard ) !

1 queen ( the band ) is the only group that has had all of its members compose multiple # 1 hits , so in addition to the band being inducted	and here i was thinking crosby , stills , nash , and young had the record . each person in the band was inducted twice , but not all as

1 the us invasion of iraq was originally called ' operation iraqi liberation ' , but was quickly changed after realizing that spelled ' oil ' .	if this was a war for oil , where , exactly , is our oil ?

1 microsoft released the critical update notification tool for win 98 , but then changed the name to critical update notification utility to avoid using the unfortunate acronym	if only they knew ... http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=cunu

1 in the new deal , fdr called for a new tax program called the revenue act of 1935 , which imposed an income tax of 79 % on incomes over	" fuck you too you wheel chair ridden bastard ! " \ - rockefeller
2 41 ° 30 ′ 39.6 ″ n , 81 ° 35 ′ 27.6 ″ w	https://www.google.ca/maps/place/41%C2%B030%2739.6%22N+81%C2%B035%2727.6%22W/@41.5109478,-81.5910436,74m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m2!3m1!1s0x0:0x0
3 rockefeller's grave	so you're saying the next clue is buried under his casket ?

1 hitler was time magazines person of the year for 1938	it's the person who changed the world the most that year , * for better or for worse * . so yeah , i'd say that's warranted .
2 i am not disagreeing just stating something i don't think many people knew .	hitler was time magazines person of the year for 1938 . also , hitler was time magazines person of the year for 1938 . also , hitler was time magazines

1 in the uk , there are road cameras that photograph cars . from the photos ' time stamp data , the average speed of any given car between two points	i've always worried about the u . s . doing something like this eventually with toll roads .

1 carl sagan was not an atheist stating " an atheist is someone who is certain that god does not exist , someone who has compelling evidence against the existence of	[ carl sagan on god or gods . ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4E-_DdX8Ke0 )

1 north korea captured a u . s . ship , the u . s . s . pueblo , in 1968 . north korea maintains the ship as a tourist	the museum of science and industry in chicago has a wwii-era german submarine on display . am i a hypocrite for thinking that's cool but that it's petty for nk
2 we acknowledge that the nazi germans were a viable threat and treat their technology and - for lack of a better term - trophies with respect . we show it	that's actually a great argument . thanks . the u-boat exhibit is one of my favorites . but in the back of my mind i was always thought it was

1 40 percent of all wikipedia vandalism is detected by a single bot . it has only 0.1 % false positives .	i once edited the wikipedia page for the movie major league . i added a person to the cast that was not on the page . i put the name
2 did you add a reference , cause if not it should be deleted .	yes

1 jack ruby , the guy who killed oswald on live tv , claimed that the jfk assassination " was an act of overthrowing the government " and that he had	just like chavez .

1 pornstars make $ 1,200 for a normal scene , $ 1,600 for certain others , $ 2,000 for one .	one of my coworkers does porno on the side and he gets 500 $ a day edit : [ naveed riaz ] ( https://www.facebook.com/LAKERMAN ) is a faggot
2 i knew a guy at college named will powers . not his porn name though .	the president of the university of texas is named will powers .

1 the pediatrician who developed the rotavirus vaccine and who is a strong advocate of childhood immunization has his mail screened for explosive and requires personal guards .	as a biology student i could never tell people i was researching on animals or that there was an animal housing facility on my campus . people are scary .
2 i've never heard of animal rights activists sending bombs through the mail , or doing anything violent outside of movies . so , not really the same thing at all	then i'm afraid you're just not paying attention .

1 american judges can kick out jurors whom they believe are aware of the jury's ability to nullify laws	[ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uqH_Y1TupoQ ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uqH_Y1TupoQ ) this helped me understand . sorry for the late post !

1 : in 2011 drug cartel kidnapped hundreds of innocent bus passengers in mexico and made them fight to death like gladiators . the winners were sent on suicide missions	fucking terrifying .
2 discusting , too . what kind of sick fucks condone of this kind of shit ?	we need a batman in mexico
3 batmanuel ?	bathombre .

1 rick moranis retired from acting after his wife died of liver cancer so he could raise his children	this irresponsible motherfucker always shrinkin shit .
2 and blowing it up . really just making things the wrong size .	right ? and i'm supposed to be impressed with anything he does after that ? give me a break .
3 honey , the kids remained the same size ! ( 2012 )	but your tumor grew exponentially ...

1 the actual normal human body temperature is 97.9 ° f , not 98.6 ° f ( as is commonly cited ) , because someone rounded before converting their units .	see , its just some of us are " hotter " than others :p

1 one of the checks which a british nuclear submarine makes to see whether the government is still functioning is whether bbc radio 4 is broadcasting .	> the prime minister instructs the submarine commander to : > > * retaliate with nuclear weapons ; > * not retaliate ; > * use his own judgement ;
2 can't remember where i saw it but i read in the case of allied command it would be australia or the us ? nice to know the uk sees us	probably the us . no way in hell australia .

1 china has a law that requires every citizen over the age of 11 to plant at least one tree per year . as a result , china currently has the	lived in china 6 years , never heard of this ( not saying it isn't true )

1 in 1961 the us air force accidentally dropped two nuclear bombs on north carolina , each more than 250 times the destructive power of the hiroshima bomb , but nether	as somebody who lives in north carolina , i've heard this before . it still helps cement us as one of the best states .

1 the pilot episode of an offshoot of the x-files called the lone gunmen featured its heroes racing to stop a plane getting hijacked by govt agents and flown into the	the writers of south park wrote an episode where drawing muhammad in a cartoon caused terrorist retaliation .
2 are you under the impression that recent events are the first time muslims have overreacted to muhammad cartoons ?	are you under impression that this is the first time someone thought of attacking the wtc ?

1 mississippi didn't ratify the 13th amendment ( abolishing slavery ) until march 16 , 1995 .	so louisiana refrained from slavery out of decency , not because it was outlawed . bravo louisiana .

1 the original children's book " the wonderful wizard of oz " was actually incredibly violent , with dorothy and friends killing nearly 100 animals and people during their quest .	wizard of oz , rambo edition .

1 jehovah's witnesses have falsely predicted the end of the world 20 times .	my brother use to traumatize me as a kid saying the world was gonna end ( i was orphaned and raised by my brother ) i grew up in a

1 astronaut gordon cooper used a only wristwatch , knowledge of star patterns , and math estimations to macgyver the correct pitch for re-entry when his capsule lost power	you forgot balls

1 david vetter lived his whole 12 years in sterile " bubble " . he was " outside " less than 10 second after being removed from his mother's womb .	what gets me is the parents had already had a baby boy with scid , and named him david . when he died from infection , they had another boy
2 too many daves . also , snowball ii .	i had a cat named snowball ... she died ! she died ! mom said she was sleeping ... she lied ! she lied ! why oh why is my
3 :*( *	i can't believe i actually got completely through looking that up on the ascii table before realizing what it was .

1 intel spilled 1.4 tons of carbon tetrachloride in rio rancho , new mexico in 2003 . deceased dogs in the area were found to have high levels of toluene ,	i remember that

1 quaker oats experimented on mentally challenged children without informed consent by feeding them radioactive minerals .	i hate people . on boxes .

1 before today , france had never won a european championship match without zidane or platini in the team	apart from [ 1960 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1960_European_Nations%27_Cup ) of course , unless you're gonna tell me that one of them played for the team back then .

1 a bear almost caused world war iii .	f - 106 ' s were interceptors , not bombers . they were nuclear armed in the sense that they had a nuclear air to air missile , and wouldn't
2 what do you know ? you're a towel .	you're a towel

1 , at one point , being randomly drugged with lsd was considered an " occupational hazard " while working in the cia .	i wish this was an occupational hazard at my workplace . we just get papercuts .
2 the water cooler would become that much cooler . " hey joe ! how's the - holy shit , it's colonel sanders right behind you "	not what lsd is actually like though .
3 jokes aren't 100 % accurate	you must be a hit at parties .

1 steve jobs died because he refused medical treatment for his cancer . instead , he tried a vegan diet , acupuncture , herbal remedies and other treatments he found online	wasn't jobs scamming the system by being on multiple doner lists because he had the money to buy houses near the hospitals who could treat him and had access to

1 seth macfarlane was only 24 when he started family guy , becoming television's youngest executive producer .	i wonder what would have happened with his career if fox didn't bring family guy back after it was cancelled the first time .
2 we could've kept futurama and firefly and the world would be that much brighter .	gosh what i wouldn't give for futurama to be back .
3 i thought that , and then i watched the last two comedy central years . be careful what you wish for	i was actually happy with the last two seasons .

1 of ethel and julius rosenberg . they were both convicted of espionage and killed , although the only connection the usfg had to connect ethel to it was because she	more fun facts i live a mile away from where their kids grew up , and one was a professor at wneu

1 all british tanks have tea-making facilities onboard .	i remember reading about a british tank crew in ww2 . their tank was disabled and they took the tea set instead of the heavy machine guns .

1 during a us nuclear test , a 2000 lb steel plate was blasted off the top of a test shaft at a speed of 41 miles / second . that	whats escape velocity ?
2 in a nutshell , it's the speed required to leave our planet .	oh ok thanks

1 when a german chemist tried to recreate a lavish ancient dye called " tyrian purple , " he had to use 12,000 mollusks to make enough to color a single	that's why purple is associated with royalty . because only royals could afford too be drapped in purple . oh and it smelled like shit .

1 : although the butt of many jokes , polish americans on average make $ 11,000 more a year and are 30 % more likely to obtain a college degree than	i'm sure you could say that about pretty much any white group in the us .
2 my parents came here from poland in the 80 ' s with no knowledge of the english language at all , no job opportunity , and no support system .	i didn't say it had to do with him being white , i was pointing out that it was odd for the op to pick out polish people randomly when

1 in 1961 , alan shepard was waiting for liftoff to become the first american in space , a reporter asked him what he was thinking about . he replied "	" shortly before the launch , shepard said to himself : " don't fuck up , shepard ... " according to gene kranz in his book , failure is not
2 the lowest bidder still needs to adhere to standard specifications	this is what people generally don't think about . why pay more if it already meets the required specifications ? a higher price is not exclusive to better quality .
3 tell that to airplane manufactuers ... everything is so damn expensive on airplanes :(	the standards are based on low weight . space craft aren't known for being cheap either . every part has a weight allocation for the final vehicle to be light

1 offensive tackles are the smartest players in the nfl according to wonderlic test results ( similar to an iq test )	i think it probably helps that they are the ones doing the tackles most of the time , as opposed to getting hit . look at poor bret farve .

1 all the " typical " anglerfish you see in pictures are female . males are tiny parasites attached near the genital opening , and through their life they atrophy until	also [ relevant ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9t7E4amWDqI )
2 dftba	dftba indeed

1 the apollo guidance computer was built entirely out of nor gates . thousands of them .	tdil what an nor gate is .

1 john constantine is one of the only comic book characters to age in real time with his publication . this year he turned 61 .	his age actually got reset with dc's new 52 initiative . basically they soft rebooted all of their book and constantine was one of the many characters affected by it
2 overall , in line with the lameness of new 52	except that it's not lame .
3 rest of the nu52 aside , what they did to constantine was certainly a travesty .	ray fawkes has been horrible , but i cant blame him . they ham fisted the book into being a platform for crossovers . man is it bad .

1 george lucas turned down leonardo dicaprio and ryan phillipe for the role of anakin skywalker in the prequel films of star wars and chose hayden christensen because he had the	why ? he certainly didn't write anakin with any " darkside " .

1 for the guinness world records , it is required in the guidelines of all " large food " type records that the item be fully edible , and distributed to	a man in my town broke the world record for longest bbq last weekend , it was friday-sunday and he gave out free burgers all weekend . it was walking

1 the french philosopher voltaire said , " canada [ is ] a country covered with snows and ices eight months of the year , inhabited by barbarians , bears and	he also wrote that in 1753
2 and yet ...	i mean , yeah , parts of canada are covered in snow and ice year round , and we do have bears , beavers and barbarians . but saying it's
3 stop with your rational argument	the worst kind

1 on its way back from deployment in the persian gulf in 2002 , the aircraft carrier uss john stennis stopped in freemantle , australia , where her sailors wore out	i was in navy public affairs in san diego when this story broke . i remember the navy ombudsman ( wives , basically ) going apeshit when the local media

1 chris paul , one day after his 61 year-old grandfather was murdered , scored 61 points in a high school basketball game , intentionally missed a free throw , and	is 61 points a lot for a basketball game ?

1 disney was sued by hyena researches for defamation of character because of their negative portrayal of hyenas in the lion king .	wow fuck everything , i posted basically the same thing not too long ago and nobody believed me :'(

1 the unabomber agreed to stop planting bombs , if his manifesto was published in a major newspaper . when penthouse agreed to publish it , he changed his terms such	it's worth mentioning the article also states that penthouse never actually published the manifesto , after the unabomber changed his terms . eventually the new york times and the washington

1 humans can survive indefinitely on a diet of just potatoes and butter	you might live for a while . but you would want to kill yourself about a year into it for lack of choices .

1 in 1988 ian mckellen visited michael howard , then environment secretary , to lobby against section 28 . howard refused to change his position but did ask him to leave	kind of a jerk move , really . someone disagreeing with you on an issue doesn't give you a license to treat them uncivilly , and it certainly doesn't give
2 " your kind are sub-human filth who shouldn't enjoy the same rights as the rest of us , and i'm going to try my very hardest as a public official	because wanting the government to stop sticking their hands in moral issues is the same as viewing homosexuals as sub-human filth .
3 what ' moral issues ' ?	whether homosexuality is morally right or wrong . that argument is sort of a big issue .

1 when setting up the jeopardy ! challenge involving the watson supercomputer , ibm repeatedly expressed concerns that clue writers would exploit cognitive deficiencies in order to turn the show into	ibm wants to show off cool tech but only ever on their terms . to this day deep blue beating kasparov is a controversy because some of the moves modern
2 i don't think it is fair to compare deep blue to a just a modern chess computer . it is fair to assume that such a powerful computer could compute	your phone is probably as strong as deep blue in terms of power + algorithmic optimization that has been developed since then . desktops you buy from the store have

1 traces of coca and nicotine found in some egyptian mummies have led some to speculate that ancient egyptians may have traveled to the new world ( america ) .	how about the scientist that found the mummies was a coke head ?

1 68 % of british muslims support the arrest and prosecution of anyone who insults islam .	" only 7 % of muslims in britain think of themselves as british first , with 81 % thinking of themselves as muslim first " am i wrong to think
2 71 % of christians in the us think of themselves as christian first and a us citizen second .	i can make fun of them and not ve killed too .
3 people still have the stereotype of christian redneck southerner shooting up stuff just like you have a stereotype about getting killed . there has been exponential increase in right wing	would you like to cite a source ?

1 a wwii congressman publicly mentioned that us submarines escaped typically shallow japanese depth charges , likely leading the japanese to adjust and sink 10 additional subs and 800 service men	how had the japanese failed to realize this already ? weren't they noticing the acute absence of secondary explosions , drowning sailors and oil slicks without having it pointed out

1 the riaa tried to sue limewire for $ 72 trillion in damages - - an amount of money larger than the entire planet's gdp .	i just got hit with nostalgia when limewire was mentioned . remember kazaa and napster ? downloading songs on a 56k modem . good times .
2 fuck that shit . anyone remember scour ? that was at least a couple years before napster . edit : http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scour_Inc . p2p before it was called p2p	that's some og shit right there . scour and irc 0day . those were the days . this op and his " til " ... wasn't surprised when he said

1 sean avery is such a douche , he has his own rule in the nhl	and a fashion whore too ? who is this " man " ; the cristiano ronaldo of ice hockey ?

1 phillip j . fry from futurama was named for phil hartman , who at the time of his death was preparing to voice zapp brannigan , a character written specifically	i had no idea andy dick ... was such a dick .

1 clint eastwood was offered the role of james bond but turned it down because he believed the character should be played by an english actor .	dam , he would have made a great james bond . well i guess we all make mistakes .

1 jehovah's witnesses have falsely predicted the end of the world 20 times .	yeah but , if you do get it right , you can brag about it for all eternity .
2 i think if you do get it right , you don't have much time to brag .	i meant .. like , if they did go up to heaven afterwards , they'd be able to brag about it for all eternity .

1 every winter at a research station in the south pole , 50 people are left totally isolated for 8 months . an annual tradition for the personnel is the back	is it true that it's nothing but a non-stop 8 month long party there once the last plane leaves ?

1 40 percent of all wikipedia vandalism is detected by a single bot . it has only 0.1 % false positives .	they should get two more bots .

1 sherri shepherd is against same-sex marriage , as her " faith prohibits such unions " , but has admitted to having " many abortions "	this woman literally didn't know whether or not the earth was flat . like , in front of the whole world on the view . i'm sure it's on youtube
2 [ it just might be . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UkrkaH_V7fE )	oh god it is making me angry !

1 reuters only uses the term " terrorist " when quoting another source .	i can get behind this . labeling american patriots and islamic fascist all under the same name of insurgents is really the best way to remember history don't judge or

1 the oldest living recorded person , jeanne calment , smoked from the age of 21 until she was 117 .	if i lived to be 121 , i would arrange it to have myself murdered by someone . everybody would just wonder how long i might have gone .

1 author j k rowling wrote the final chapter of the last harry potter book in ' something like 1990 ' , seven years before the release of the first book	writing the ending before fleshing out the beginning is a widely used and smart way of not only writing books , but also living life .
2 so many books wending their way towards heart disease .	grrm
3 i've already come to terms that grrm isn't finishing the series . he is really unhealthy . there's a reason why you don't see lots of 80 year old overweight	have you met grrm ? yes , he's overweight , but he was very happy , healthy , and spry when i met him .

1 : members of the band " good charlotte " protested against kfc's treatment of chickens . then in 2012 and 2013 appeared in a number of kfc commercials in australia	lol theyre still doing kfc ads here in aus

1 the disney film " mulan " originally began as a short , straight-to-video film project titled " china doll " about an oppressed and miserable chinese girl who is whisked	ah_q ? why ?

1 on the set of rocky iv , dolph lundgren punched sylvester stallone so hard that the hospital staff thought he was hit by a car .	another fun fact is that this guy has a degree in chemical engineering .
2 hes like the superior human .	and he can smell crime .

1 serial killer rodney alcala acted as his own attorney in his trial . for five hours he interrogated himself on the witness stand , asking questions addressed to " mr	i can't even fathom how the jury managed to endure five hours of that cringe-worthy , unsettling , fidget-in-your-seat , socially embarrassing testimony unfolding before them . just 2 minutes
2 you can't fold that many times . the paper will be too thick	with a large enough piece of paper , you can fold it that many times , and if it was even larger , you could keep on folding ... some
3 best ye be trollin if ye think paper size be relevant .	i'm pretty sure mythbusters proved it true ... ?

1 robin williams called spielberg every two weeks to cheer him up with various jokes during the filming of schindler's list .	although it's such a legendary film , i can't bring myself to watch it . i know if i do i'll most definitely be extremely depressed for weeks afterwards .

1 : that bluetooth actually is named after the danish king harald blåtand and the symbol is the first runes of his name	this post made me realize that my laptop doesn't have bluetooth , while my shitty old one does . huh .

1 when actor john c . reilly was 12 year old , he and his friends stole 500 boxes of sugar corn pops from a freight train .	ye gotta get yer sugar corn props . sfor yer health .

1 former boston bruin goalie tim thomas refused to meet the president in 2012 because he believed " the federal government has grown out of control ... in direct opposition to	: the reddit political hive-mind bitch like 4 year old kids with skinned knees .

1 had the axis powers won world war 2 , hitler was saddened that the white race from australia and new zealand would disappear under japan's eventual colonization of the countries	to hitler , fuck you , sincerely , australia .
2 dear hitler , i almost chundered when i heard the furphy that you think we're going to surrender . you have kangaroos loose in the top paddock . we'll be	there's no way you're australian , you just wrote like five sentences without saying the word " cunt "

1 the company behind itt tech was once one of the biggest conglomerates on earth . they grossed $ 8 billion in 1970 , were heavily involved in the brazilian and	i need to rewatch better off ted .

1 the tv comedy malcolm in the middle used mood-setting music in lieu of canned laughter . artists included abba , they might be giants , kenny rogers , elo &	i prefer it that way . i don't particularly enjoy the sound of a crowd laughing during my tv time . matter of fact , none of the shows i
2 2 broke girls has a laugh track after every line . it's the worst thing to watch .	is that the one with the girl with the huge knockers in the cupcake thing ?

1 the pilot episode of an offshoot of the x-files called the lone gunmen featured its heroes racing to stop a plane getting hijacked by govt agents and flown into the	great show . that episode was pretty surreal though .
2 i wonder how the writers of the show feel since the events on 9/11 can be viewed similarly *	" ssssily humansss ... we taunt them and they can't even tell ... sssss ! time for mousssse ssssnackssss ... "
3 i love mousse .	you must have great hair

1 adult luna moths develop without a mouth , their only purpose is to mate within their 7 - day lifespan . after which they die of starvation .	i have seen several of these giant moth bastards that scared the shit out of me when i was nine .

1 michael keaton refused 15,000 , 000 to play batman forever because tim burton was dropped as its director .	and now we have birdman exposing that fact .
2 go see this movie , everyone . do it . go .	is it like the cartoon ? is it out already ?

1 in 2008 , warner music group was collecting over $ 5,000 a day ( $ 2 million a year ) in royalties for public usage of the " happy birthday	no wonder futurama has its own birthday song

1 dewalt power-tools are upscale / rebranded products built by black & decker .	for serious use , dw blows away bd . dw is industrial grade stuff built for daily use . bd is built for occasional light use .

1 there are 4 states that ban billboards - hawaii , alaska , vermont and maine .	and it better fuckin stay that way . alaska is beautiful .
2 100 % agree . i have no doubt in my mind that there would be some serious vandalism going on if anyone ever tried to put up billboards around here	plus a number of politicians would be on the unemployment line .

1 in 1987 , there were only 22 california condors left on the planet . all of them were caught to help preserve the species , and now there are 435	i climbed out onto a ledge at the grand canyon to take a close picture of one , about 10 feet away from it . really ugly birds haha

1 jason mewes aka jay from ' jay and silent bob ' had such a bad substance abuse problem that kevin smith refused to give him a part in 2004 '	the wiki goes on to say , " to help mewes maintain his sobriety , kevin smith created the jay and silent bob get old podcast as a ' weekly
2 the first 6 or 7 episodes are really good . they're all about mewes ' substance abuse history .	they end up talking about fucking a lot after the introduction podcasts . also , clarification , he had a warrant out for his arrest in jersey . even if

1 undateable now the only sitcom being broadcasted on nbc	[ this title is a little hyperbolic considering they're debuting a new sitcom , the mr . robinson , in * * six * * days , and the carmichael

1 when harvey weinstein wanted to edit princess mononoke to make it more marketable its director , miyazaki , sent weinstein a katana with a message stating " no cuts .	i dont understand anything in the title or in this thread .

1 after a federal reserve interest rate decision in 2013 , trades were registered in the chicago stock market within 2 milliseconds of the announcement . these trades were later found	if you think that's interesting , there's also " high speed traders " ( people who pay to be able to trade a few milliseconds faster than everyone else )
2 if you're interested in the topic i can recommend the book flash boys by michael lewis	i highly recommend flash boys . read it this summer . hft is a fascinating topic

1 the deepest note mankind has ever detected is a b ♭ that is 57 octaves below middle c . the sound is made by inflating plasma bubbles in the center	[ speaking of b ♭ s , here's a guy hitting a b ♭ 1 . ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pq-sqHvV3yg&t=2m47s )
2 [ also speaking of b ♭ s , here's an amazing music project in the key of b ♭ . ] ( http://inbflat.net )	my god ... amazing

1 gus is an ordained minister and conducted the marriage of geoff and griffon	you don't listen to the podcast much do you
2 what podcast did they talk about this ?	very early ones .

1 the venom of the sydney funnel-web spider found in australia can kill a man in 15 minutes by elevating blood pressure and causing the air sacs in the lungs to	i'm glad i'm not one of those primates the article mentioned .

1 the " refractory period " men require between sex sessions only applies if he's going back with the same woman .	that's so awesome :D thank you for posting this .

1 fiji water ran ad stating , " the label says fiji because it's not bottled in cleveland " . cleveland water dept responded by running tests comparing a bottle of	toxicity is relative to the dose . arsenic is actually a necessary elemental nutrient for the human body in low doses ...
2 oh ? why is that ?	http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24197927

1 elephants often bury dead or sleeping humans or aid them when they are hurt	lets get the stupid , annoying puns out of the way and admit that elephants are fucking awesome creatures .
2 i spent 3 years creating a hierarchy of awesomeness in the animal kingdom . tiger -> elephant -> komodo dragon -> gorilla -> polar bear -> cheetah -> elephant seal	what ? no sea otters ? they're adorable and they'll rip your face off .

1 both key & peele were cast against each other , in what was supposed to be the only black cast member spot available . but both ended up getting the	i probably should have mentioned in the title that it was for madtv .
2 well now that makes sense - madtv was hilarious , the key & peele show is extremely unfunny . it's the opposite of funny - minus funny . anti-comedy .	it's a sketch comedy show . not every bit , is gonna turn out funny . i personally think it's a great show .

1 quentin tarantino wanted to direct 007 ' s casino royale , set in the ' 50s , in black and white and starring pierce brosnan .	thank god this didn't happen . it would have been terrible . casino royale was the best bond movie , in my opinion .

1 what the number ring on the edge of watches are for .	that's cool enough to perhaps get me wearing a watch again !

1 during the construction of coors field ( a baseball stadium in denver , home of the colorado rockies ) a number of dinosaur fossils were found , most notably a	dinger is slang in australia for a condom ... good ole ' dinger always there when you need him

1 the last words of alex the parrot to his caretaker was " you be good , see you tomorrow , i love you " .	oh , look . this again .

1 giraffes have been called " especially gay " for often engaging in homosexual behavior more than heterosexual sex	hopefully wbc doesn't see this thread because they may start protesting at zoo's with signs like ' god hates giraffes '

1 the incarceration rate in the usa is the highest in the world , and that the incarceration rate of its black population exceeds that of south africa at the height	does that take into account the people who are straight up executed ?

1 speedy gonzales was fully removed from cartoon network due to racial stereotypes until fans--including large hispanic organizations--demanded he return	i remember they changed the maid's voice in the tom and jerry cartoons also . it was just an average white woman voice .

1 during street races , manhole covers need to be welded into place least the cars aerodynamic suction lifts them clean out .	i was in town for the baltimore gp in the american le mans series over the summer . the race takes place in the inner harbor on the streets .

1 indonesia realized dead manta rays are worth $ 500 whereas manta ray tourism brought in $ 1,000 , 000 over the life of a single ray . indonesia is now	kenya realized that the wildlife keeps money coming into their country a few years ago . i was swimming near mombasa a few years ago , in someplace i shouldn't
2 same with costa rica . their government was like " we can actually make more money selling tours of the rainforest to rich americans than we can selling the rainforest	their sloth sanctuary is awesome !

1 lisa lampanelli promised to donate $ 1,000 dollars to gay men's health crisis for every memeber of westboro baptist church that protested her show on may 20 , 2011 in	she is freaking awesome in the celebrity roasts !
2 > ~ ~ she is freaking awesome in the celebrity roasts ! ~ ~ > i'm a douchebag who actually enjoys the celebrity roasts ! ftfy	lol enjoy them downvotes , brah !

1 18 year old aaron deveau of haverhill , ma was found guilty for motor vehicle homicide by texting , june 2012 . possibly the first in the united states .	had a driver run a red light and t-bone my mother on the driver's side . he was reading . nothing happened to him other than a slap on the

1 pope john paul ii declared the theory of evolution as factual	i wish he was still alive . he was great .
2 only if you ignore the whole " condoms are evil " thing .	for contraception .
3 yes ? i'm pretty sure he was ok with them still being used as water balloons .	well the point is he was against sex outside of marriage . it wasn't a condom thing .

1 while in the military mr . t was ordered to cut down trees as a punishment by a sergeant . he cut down 70 trees in 3 1/2 hours before	> in 1987 , he angered the residents of a chicago suburb , lake forest , by cutting down more than a hundred oak trees on his estate . the
2 to be fair , " lake forest " is a really stupid name . now it's just lake .	" where are you going ? " " lake . " " what lake ? " " lake . " " it's called lake lake ? " no . "
3 in lund in sweden we have a tiny lake on campus called lake lake . in the lake lake there is a tiny island called island island .	i want to know more ! this is great . is it an swedish to english translation that makes this so ?

1 between 64 % and 84 % of citizens of hong kong believe in no religion	that depends , is money a religion ?

1 during the siege of leningrad in wwii , 9 soviet scientists died of starvation while protecting the world's largest seed bank , refusing to eat what they saw as their	fuckin hardcore man
2 i used to be a hardcore man . but then i took a diarrhea dump to the knee ...	what the fuck is this hideous excuse for a novelty account .

1 blue eyes do not have blue pigmentation - they look blue for the same reason that the the sky looks blue	i have gray eyes which can look kind of blue-ish sometimes .

1 , during a visit to egypt in 2012 , hillary clinton was pelted with tomatoes and shoes , while the protesters chanted " monica , monica "	i'm sure the phone call home to bill that night was lovely .
2 well , we did go on to kill roughly 3 orders of magnitude more of their people than they did ours ... and we are shaping up for another clinton	i'd say you were retarded . ( retard . )

1 jägermeister was originally intended to be cough medicine	i love jägermeister once in a while .

1 when mr . t was serving in the army , his platoon sergeant punished him by ordering him to chop down trees . however , he did not specify how	i pity the fir !

1 when the spanish asked the mayans what their land was named , they replied " yucatán " which literally translates to " i don't understand you . "	" let's ask these people that don't know our language a series of questions "

1 wwii german ace heinrich ehrler's last words were : " theo . i have run out of ammunition . i'm going to ram this one . good bye . we'll	was hitler into norse mythology ? didn't nazi germans believe in a christian heaven ? just curious .
2 he romanticised the whole " old germany when the people where pure " part of german history which included references to norse mythology .	not only he . it was just a thing of that time . the old germanic ideologies were glorified in search for identity i guess . i suppose it may

1 the cholera outbreak in haiti following the 2010 earthquake has killed over 8000 people . despite initial denials and investigations , most evidence now suggests that the disease was actually	you think that's bad ? i remember the cholera outbreak in england in 2015 and they say that killed over a million
2 a lot of dead people in just 24 fucking days then .	no , it went on for several months ; i'd say the worst of it happened between about may 11th and the middle of july

1 in 2004 , pizza hut fired a delivery driver who shot and killed a robber while on the job .	i love working for an independent pizza place , drivers don't gotta deal with this . the only driver who carries never had to defend himself , but he did
2 at first i thought he shot it out the window for daring to run in front of his car , but then the logical part of my brain took over	yeah it kinda darted out of the woods and he clipped the its ass end . jeep was fine , the deer's back legs were paralyzed , it was all

1 caesar was banging brutus ' mom , servilia caepionis .	woah woah woah , wait . a roman emperor was having scandalus sex ? is such a thing even possible ?
2 [ * whoa ! * ] ( http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/woah )	but i like " scandalus " .

1 astronauts have a patch of velcro inside their helmet so they can scratch their nose .	dang it . as soon as i read this my nose started to itch .
2 if only you were wearing your astronauts helmet .	* sigh * or better yet ... had some sort of appendages , with which i could scratch my nose . preferably some sort of hardened edged growth would be
3 holy shit ... i just realised something . our nails used to be claws right ? that's their evolutionary purpose .. what happens in the distant future when humans no	somebody elses problem field . we don't really need hair either , yet that keeps growing .

1 spaghetti marinara wasn't invented until the new world was discovered , since tomatoes came from the aztecs . before that , pasta was eaten plain with no sauce ... with	pasta sauce probably became established much later , as it would take a considerable amount of time to become imported to a significant extent , tomatoes to displace existing agriculture
2 so you're under the impression that tomato-based sauces are the only option for pasta ?	well , i do suppose there was the popular squid ink pasta sauce ...

1 the green bay packers are named after the indian packing company , who paid for their first uniforms on the condition the team be named after them .	partial truth . the team was originally named the green bay indians . curly lambeau , the founder of the team and employee of the indian packing company , changed
2 packers does sound better than indians though .	plus they dodged a future bullet by avoiding a native american name edit : i understand " indians " is not as offensive as " redskins " , but you
3 i haven't heard any backlash against the cleveland indians , just the redskins and college teams .	most of the college teams like fsu actually work with the tribe that they take the name of , and make sure to respect them .

1 george lucas gave mel brooks his blessing to make spaceballs on the condition that no action figures be made , as they could be confused with actual star wars toys	i always wanted spaceballs : the flamethrower . ( the kids will love it . )

1 the nation of islam believe that white people were invented as an evil race by a scientist named yakub , 6,600 years ago . the experiment also produced ' red	fyi : the nation of islam are the bean pie selling , pseudo-muslim , spinoff muslims , and probably not the muslims that you're thinking of , unless you're thinking

1 if a catholic priest reveals anything someone confessed to him for any reason at all , he is automatically excommunicated from the catholic church and can only be forgiven by	what if you confess to a murder ? or any crime really , can the priest go to the authorities and tell them ?
2 they can however make their penance ( task to make yourself better ) to turn themselves in .	gotcha . so say new york city has a serial killer on the loose . he's killed about 50 people so far all in the same fashion . police are
3 nope . can't say anything .	neat . that's kinda cool though . code of silence and all that jazz .

1 the catholic church is the largest non-governmental provider of health services in the world .	haven't you learned by now ? if you don't have anything bad to say about the church , don't say anything at all ... this is basic rettiquette

1 tim curry is a huge scooby doo fan , and accepted a role in the 2002 film , then dropped out after learning that scrappy doo , a character he	everyone hates him . that's why he was the ( spoiler ) ... ... main antagonist in the film . our am i remembering wrong ?
2 i have to be the only person in the world that likes scrappy doo .	i don't * like * him but i don't hate him as much as most people seem to

1 all dairy queen restaurants in texas have the same menu , which differs from all other dq restaurants in the world . you can't get a steakfinger basket in california	steak fingers ! ? why have i never heard of these before today ? i must have them .
2 don't go too crazy , it's just chicken-fried steak in finger / strip form . they are pretty damn delicious with cream gravy , though .	why are you downplaying that ? ! ? i am seriously considering hopping on a plane to texas immediately .

1 sam houston , the general who won texas independence from mexico , was removed from his post as governor of texas after refusing to support the confederacy during the civil	eat ' em up kats !

1 : canadians eat more donuts per capita than any other country .	i will eat donuts on the morrow . band together ' murica !

1 all existing jfk assassination related documents will be made public by 2017	how long till we get 911 docs ?

1 the oldest living person smoked cigarettes from the age of 21 to 117	if i my memory is correct she left smoking at 80 but started learning fencing ... yeah she was real badass

1 if you were an ancient roman , and you had a slave that was raped , you could attempt to prosecute the rapist for " property damage " .	the bible says the same about female slaves and daughters .

1 in 1959 , the washington redskins were the only holdout in approving the application for the expansion dallas cowboys . needing the vote to be unanimous , the cowboys bought	that's a baller move cowboys , respect .

1 , aside from being one of the most venomous spiders in the world , the brazilian wandering spider has a bite that can cause painful erections that last for hours	i need to get hard . ok honey , i have a spider that can help . just the tip , i don't want to die !

1 in the process of trying to catch serial killer andrei chikatilo , soviet police ended up solving more than 1000 unrelated crimes , including 95 murders and 245 rapes .	but that fact appears in the section about the police obtaining false confessions by means of brutal interrogation . so " solved " might not mean solved accurately .
2 https://i.imgur.com/HIuLbNX.jpg	haha , i heard that joke with nypd bringing out a bear that was shouting " ok ok i'm the rabbit i'm the rabbit "

1 the man who holds the world record for the largest yo-yo collection also swam half a mile with his foot in his mouth ...	ok

1 22 out of 23 mayan temples show festival dates well past 2012 ... the one that wasn't finished ended at the 13th b'ak'tun ( 2012-12- 21 ) there is no	i've never heard anybody claim that the mayans predicted a doomsday . all i've ever heard was that the calendar ended in 2012 , and people were freaking out about
2 the calendar doesn't end anymore than it ended for us in y2k .	phew ... that was a close one too . we barely made it past that one .

1 since the blades on one side of an helicopter move faster through air than the blades on the other side , a mechanism has to tilt the blades so the	[ this is the wiki article that talks about this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dissymmetry_of_lift ) op's link is just to the general article on helicopters

1 seth rogen paid the bills and was the main wage earner of the family by the age of 16	usually the case when you're a child star
2 is doing stand-up comedy in your hometown really considered being a child star ?	freaks and geeks is legendary
3 freaks and geeks existed ( not aired in my country ) [ this picture ] ( http://imgur.com/ui22RQw ) is oddly disturbing considering i had no idea any of these guys	undeclared is essentially the college sequel to this show , and has the same " holy shit that person is in this too " factor .

1 the creator of cowboy bebop was told to make a show to sell spaceship toys , with the instructions , " so long as there's a spaceship in it ,	nice headline but when they saw what they did the executives canned it and left it in " development hell " . freedom to do whatever you want . people

1 sean bean ( aka boromir ) does the voice of martin septim in the elder scrolls iv : oblivion	it's surprising the names you'll find in credits on video games . how do i get one of these jobs ? anyone of us could be the next " real

1 back when the nyc subway used tokens , people called " token suckers " would jam token slots with paper and suck out stuck tokens with their mouths . to	the world used to be way weirder than it is now .

1 the usa basketball team controversially won silver against the ussr at the 1972 olympic games , and to this day the team refuses to collect their medals	i wouldn't say this was the most controversial part of the 1972 munich olympics ...
2 ... well ?	[ the darkest moment in olympics history ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lTqZPKZ4_wk )

1 a german study found women cry on average between 30 and 64 times a year , and men cry on average between 6 and 17 times per year .	are these statistics a joke ? i cried once this year .
2 wow , you're practically the toughest man alive !	haha , woman actually . not dating anyone though , that might help . no one has died . i cried over some story of a dog getting put down

1 , fbi ordered the alien property custodian to seize all of tesla's belongings , even though tesla was an american citizen .	is that because his inventions were out of this world ?
2 don't forget the ability to transmit power / energy wirelessly .	and cause st . elmo's fire a quarter mile away

1 walmart paid employees of " walmart de mexico " in company scrip vouchers usable only at walmart stores until a court ruling in 2008 .	well to be fair , we all usually go back there anyways and spend it hahahaha

1 famous czech hockey player jaromir jagr wears #68 to honour the rebellion in czechoslovakia against the soviet union in 1968 .	putin is not amused

1 a person who performs fellatio upon another may be termed a fellator ; because of latin's gender based declension , this word may be restricted by some english speakers to	please , leave your mom outta this , josh .

1 during the second mongol invasion of japan , the heavily outnumbered japanese were aided by a massive typhoon that destroyed the mongol fleet . the japanese praised this storm as	iirc , the japanese have had three ' kamikazes ' this one , and obviously wwii . but i can't remember what the second one was . anyone know if

1 pork is the most widely consumed meat in the world with 38 % market share	that . is because it's bloody lovely .

1 the international space station is estimated to be the most expensive thing ever built ( $ 150 billion )	it's actually a lot of things joined together with screws .

1 frank zappa's grammy-winning album jazz from hell received a " parental advisory " sticker even though it is a collection of instrumental pieces and contains no lyrics at all .	every time reddit mentions tipper gore's " family values " censorship , they always attribute it to " right-wing republicans " . that , in itself , is a form

1 murderers in medieval ireland were given to the deceased's family as slaves if they fail to pay a hefty fine to buy their freedom . the family could then legally	it is not too far removed from the norse law system except if they didn't pay the weregild ( the fine for the life in gold ) you were outlawed
2 but if you killed three other outlaws you were allowed back into society .	is that true ? if so that's fucking badass .
3 to the best of my knowledge , yes , but i can't point to a source . not many people tried to get back in that way , because once	in bands of three ...

1 a us army helicopter pilot saved lives during the my lai massacre by landing his chopper between civilians and american soldiers . during initial hearings , he was " sharply	the commanding company of c company , the company responsible was aquitted of any charges in a 60 trial . sickening http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ernest_Medina

1 a former italian porn star became a politician and continued to make adult movies while a member of parliament	she's fucking 60 !

1 when the current king of thailand was born in cambridge , massachusetts , the hospital room in which he was born was declared thai territory for the duration of the	canada did the same thing for the dutch crown in ww2 . the neatherlands donates a million tulips each year for the ottawa tulip festival as a gesture of thanks
2 > the maternity ward of ottawa civic hospital in which princess margriet was born was temporarily declared to be extraterritorial by the canadian government . [ 3 ] [ 4	yup . hence the millions of tulips given every year to ottawa by the dutch , growing all over the place in may and june . ( and my sister

1 the power-up mushroom in super mario bros . and the mushroom consumed by alice to alter her size are the same : amanita muscaria .	i remember that as a kid it blew my mind when i realized that super mario bros was essentially a loose video-game adaptation of alice in wonderland .

1 north american beavers cannot breed with european beavers , and that the result of more than 27 attempts was a single stillborn kit .	european beavers were probably to furry , causing disinterest for north american beavers .
2 north americans dont like yiff	what blasphemy is this ?

1 the guillotine remained the official method of execution in france until the death penalty was abolished in 1981 . the final three guillotinings in france were all child-murderers .	some still photos and video footage of actual guillotinings are floating around if you're interested in that sort of thing .

1 an identity thief stole the identity of a surgeon and while aboard a navy destroyer was tasked with performing several life saving surgeries . he proceeded to memorize a medical	after reading up on a few famous con men and watching catch me if you can , it occurred to me that if these guys put the same effort in
2 not just a con man but a lot of criminals . [ low level drug dealers make $ 20k - 30k ] ( http://www.salon.com/2014/03/09/the_true_lives_of_low_level_drug_dealers_whats_the_point_of_surviving_if_you_cant_live/ ) per year ( tax free	woah woah woah , it's not tax free , it's just tax fraud . anyone can do that . easiest way to get sent to jail is by not giving

1 in 1997 , there was a contest to win a fully-furnished exact replica of the “ simpsons ” house in clark county , nev . the winner could choose to	https://www.google.com/maps/@36.077153,-115.0153452,3a,75y,2.26h,82.01t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1skfo-kXU3rgUMc1tGDJGddA!2e0 the house in 2011 . seems the neighborhood has changed quite a bit .
2 what happened to the grass ?	i'm not sure lawns are allowed in vegas . no water .
3 they are allowed but it's cheaper to just not have it . also , the government reimburses you if you put in rocks instead .	in phoenix they only reimburse you around $ 1500 depending on which city / suburb you're in . i don't think it is worth it if you love the area

1 the population of detroit is now less than half of what it was in 1940 . main reasons include high levels of crime and the failure of the automobile industry	i remember making a comment about how detroit was dying and getting down voted to hell . if this isn't proof that the city is dying , i don't know

1 beavis and butt-head was blamed for the death of an 8 month old struck by a bowling ball thrown from an overpass . it was later discovered the ball-thrower didn't	maybe they should have blamed the good son .
2 maybe they should have blamed my girl .	maybe they should have blamed richie rich .
3 maybe they should have blamed that episode of roseanne where they go bowling and george clooney is there .	or the one where arnold and dudley got raped by the bicycle man . ?

1 shakuntala devi , an indian mental calculator , was asked to give the 23rd root of a 201 - digit number ; she answered in 50 seconds . her answer	psh , that's nothing . i bet she can't explain how to get 10 by adding 8 and 5 .
2 can you ?	if you are base 13 , yes you can . once you change the base from 10 ( what we all know and love ) counting goes 12345678 9 (
3 except this wasnt a class trying to teach bases . hes referencing a post where the teacher is trying to teach the kids how to complete 10s but the wording	i know . but in the context of " can you add 8 and 5 to get 10 " bases are perfectly acceptable to bring up .

1 during filming of " super mario bros . " bob haskins ( mario ) and john leguizamo ( luigi ) were so unhappy working on what they knew to be	doesn't explain why they thought the script was good
2 there was a pretty interesting article in ( i think ) gameinformer that explored , in depth , what went wrong with that movie . basically after all the (	wait ... there are people that don't like top gun ? ( serious )
3 as a former ejection seat mechanic , no . i don't like top gun . what happened to goose is completely , 100 % absolutely not possible . i hate	i've never seen the movie , how did the impossible deathnhappen and why is it impossible ?

1 the de facto leader of libya , muammar al-gaddafi , has a 40 - member bodyguard contingent , known as the amazonian guard , which is entirely female . all	supposedly also one of the worlds most deadly personal guards . or so that show on spike said .

1 shooting on " no country for old men " had to be shut down because of the smoke clouds drifting over from the nearby set of " there will be	holy cow . unbelievable that two instant and major classics of american cinema were being filmed simultaneously and side by side .
2 am i the only one who gets the titles of these two mixed up ?	i always do and i don't know why . it's like they're both intertwined edit : fine i fixed the commas

1 tyson foods refuses to sell to costco because costco tests beef for e . coli .	i worked security for a tyson plant that included safety checks . i was " forced " to quit . guess why ...
2 they're racists ?	russian commie ?

1 clarence nash , the voice of donald duck for 50 years , voiced donald's voice in all foreign languages the disney shorts were translated to ( with the aid of	i learned to talk like him when i was a kid . it doesn't impress kids now as much though , as they have never heard how he used to

1 dildos were invented over 25,000 years before the wheel	wow , i love this [ nsfw picture ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2b/Female_dildo_masturbation.jpg ) on wikipedia !

1 one of america's first serial killers built a maze above a drug store with over 100 windowless rooms , where he would trap , torture , and murder his victims	i try not to be judgemental , but this guy sounds like kind of an asshole .
2 don't disrespect the dead	fuck thatcher ! ! oh wait , wrong thread

1 the first time trey parker used auto-tune , he had to deliberately sing off-key . " you had to be a bad singer in order for that thing to actually	[ gay fish song here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0uf1g6N4sKY )

1 viking funerals are a bit more interesting and nsfw than i had ever conceived , if you get my meaning .	http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ahmad_ibn_Fadlan

1 the incarceration rate in the usa is the highest in the world , and that the incarceration rate of its black population exceeds that of south africa at the height	http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nPZed8af9RI and this is an awesome segment from qi which alludes to the reasons why ...

1 the investigation of adam walsh's abduction was alleged to be incompetent ; they lost the bloodstained carpet from the suspect's cadillac , the machete used to decapitate adam , and	toole and lucas were desalvo style confession junkies , anything they claim to do should be held highly suspect

1 sir george everest opposed the naming of mount everest in his honour because it could not be translated into hindi or pronounced by the native people .	typical colonial snobbery , giving it a english name.our kings and courtiers were too busy killing each other to care about it and the english didn't even rule over us

1 a caddie sued michael douglas for hitting him in the groin with a golf ball , resulting in the caddie losing a testicle and his job .	douglass thought it was part of the game .
2 i bet after being hit that caddie went falling down .	it's just basic instinct to protect your balls , though no one wants to lose the wonder boys

1 an identity thief stole the identity of a surgeon and while aboard a navy destroyer was tasked with performing several life saving surgeries . he proceeded to memorize a medical	it would be nice if more identity thieves * saved * peoples lives instead of fucking them up and destroying their credit .
2 " hey , you . yeah , you . you're shit at being you . i'm going to make you awesome . "	sell the movie rights !
3 they did . it's called gattaca .	i'm not sure that i agree with your interpretation of gattaca .

1 in the new deal , fdr called for a new tax program called the revenue act of 1935 , which imposed an income tax of 79 % on incomes over	didn't rockefeller in response say that he could no longer support institutions like hospitals and schools if that were the case , which forced the government to have to say
2 government taxation is less noble than charity in my opinion . hell , most taxation goes to blowing people up now a days anyway . edit : alright , you're	actually , while a huge portion does go to defense spending , more money goes into social welfare programs like social security and medicaid .

1 4chan tracked down the identity of a cat abuser after the 14 y / o uploaded a video on youtube resulting in his arrest	how a serial killer is born .
2 funny story , somebody on 4chan murdered a person and then said that they would reveal where they had buried the body if someone got sextuplets or whatever . ex	oh and you know , that one time someone strangled a lady and then posted pics of her on there and said that he was going to let her son

1 after the capture of a serial killer of children , a police officer found his own daughter tied and gagged in the back of the killer's van .	anyone else briefly glance at the thumbnail and see jason alexander ?

1 patrick stewart portrayed othello in a " photo negative " production of the play with an otherwise all-black cast .	it was supposed to be the scottish play , but they found the line , " out ! out ! damned spot ! " to be very awkward to say

1 german was the second largest spoken language in the u . s . before it was forcibly oppressed during the first world war . americans with german ancestry , are	supposedly back in the day german was on par to be chosen as an official language of the usa . back in the 1700 ' s or something like that

1 orange , purple , circle , and silver all have perfect rhymes despite popular belief as well as others .	for the lazy : > orange rhymes with blorenge , a hill in wales > silver rhymes with chilver , a female lamb > purple rhymes with curple ( the
2 what is the criteria for two words to rhyme with each other ? i thought they just have to have the same ending sound . why doesn't orange rhyme with	have you ever listened to music
3 have you ever used a question mark ,	have you ?

1 the kkk was denied the permit to sponsor a segment of interstate 55 in missouri ; when the federal court declared it unconstituional and the kkk was given the sponsorship	[ relevant . ] ( http://youtu.be/xsH7BA9QWss )

1 bengals , lions and chiefs have not won a playoff game in 20 years .	i think there's a good chance this gets broken this year . bengals will be good and that division is up for grabs ... chiefs should be improved and might
2 there is no way in hell that the chiefs win a playoff game this year , and i would bet money that they don't for the next three years .	holy shit an intelligent chiefs fan , as someone who grew up in kc this is such a breath of fresh air
3 a dallas fan talking about intelligence . haha !	i said what i said after hearing unrealistic expectations for the chiefs every year from fans and broadcasters

1 http status 418 is " i'm a teapot "	ah back when the internet was fun and a home page hooked up to a camera pointing at a coffee pot was the coolest thing in the world !

1 hershey's chocolate is flavored with sour-tasting butyric acid , which also gives vomit its aroma . this is why people unaccustomed to american chocolate sometimes compare it to vomit .	people actually like american food products .

1 the producers of m * a * s * h * didn't want a laugh track , their argument being that there wasn't a laugh track on the actual korean	mash was one of the main reasons i became a nurse .

1 pablo escobar spent $ 2500 a month on rubberbands just to wrap his stacks of cash .	espn released an interesting documentary about soccer & his involvement . [ the two escobars ] ( http://30for30.espn.com/film/the-two-escobars.html )

1 canada abruptly cancelled the development of its own fighter jet ( avro arrow ) in the 1950s in favour of nuclear missiles ( bomarcs ) . all the engineers left	i am very surprised at reddit for not mentioning anything about the sabotage theory . it has some merit to it .

1 over 90 % of pregnancies in the united kingdom and europe with a diagnosis of down syndrome are terminated .	and there's absolutely nothing wrong with not wanting to bring a disabled fetus to term . down syndrome ranges from not that big a deal to a massive holy shit
2 when's it not a big deal ?	there are people with down syndrome who have an average iq , are able to hold jobs , and live independently .

1 there is a species of shrimp that stuns its victims to death with extreme noise and is considered to be a major source of noise in the ocean .	that'll be on hell of a meal .

1 the nfl is legally required to keep the browns , bengals and steelers in the same division regardless of future alignment plans	poll time ! what's the best division-as-a-whole rivalry ? it's got to be either the afc north , nfc north , or nfc east , right ? which division's members

1 more than 50 % of the us internet traffic is carried by northern virginia's data centers .	as a person living in woodbridge , va i find this to be interesting . interesting things are very rare to come by here in northern virginia .

1 nearly every top mcdonald's monopoly prize from 1995-2000 was fraudulently won by a group of insiders	and the best part is that when mcdonald's tried to sue the firm responsible , they ended up losing and settled out of court for an additional 16 million
2 you know shits fucked when you're feeling sympathy for mcdonalds	you know , i don't know that mcdonalds is much worse than your average multinational mega corp . the worst thing that they're doing that i can think of is
3 that and they don't serve breakfast all day .	they're doing me a favor .

1 the inspiration for the episode " bart sells his soul " came from an experience greg daniels had in high school when he convinced a bully to sell him his	2 of my buddies ate 2/3 rds of my soul when i was in high school

1 bill nye the science guy was a student of carl sagan at cornell	back in my college days , i worked at a rental car company during the summer in ithaca , ny . saw a tall skinny guy wearing a safari hat

1 a " butt " was a medieval unit of measure for wine . technically , a buttload of wine is about 475 liters , or 126 gallons .	that does explain " buttplug " .

1 in ancient athens , a beautiful courtesan named phryne was put on trial for a capital crime . her defense , in the most well-known story of the event ,	" say goodbye to these , michael ! "
2 [ buster to the left . ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/dc/Jose_Frappa_-_Phryne.jpg )	" hahahaha .. titties .. " - middle guy

1 rick moranis retired from acting after his wife died of liver cancer so he could raise his children	honey , i raised the kids .
2 somehow i just read this picturing him kneeling at his wife's grave with one hand on the tombstone , a single tear rolling down his cheek , secretly wondering ,	it's what i'm here for . let it out .

1 the great gatsby originally sold poorly ( 20,000 copies in the first year ) and the author , f . scott fitzgerald , died believing himself to be a failure	it's kind of mind-blowing to think that authors like that will never know the impact they made . i believe herman melville died under similar circumstances and yet , like
2 van gogh is another obvious example .	what did he write ?
3 a painting .	i've never heard of it . what's it about ?

1 the soviet red army used remotely controlled teletanks during the 1930s in the winter war against finland and in the early stages of world war ii .	interesting , considering how badly they lost that war .
2 the soviets won the winter war , finland fulfilled all demands .	http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Winter_War - um . i'd check this . it ended with a peace treaty after the soviet union got its ass thoroughly kicked .

1 j . r . r . tolkien created the words " dwarvish " and " dwarves " , countering the spelling at the time of the books publication which was	toronto maple leaves fan here--this is a lifely argument , but let's shelf it for now .

1 , after accidentally filming the kennedy assassination , abraham zapruder would never use a camera again	because the fbi told him to do so .

1 deadpool once killed off the entire marvel universe , including the writers themselves .	[ imgur gallery of the full comic ] ( http://imgur.com/a/h5uik?gallery ) edit : i do not have more of these . i did not upload this to imgur , but
2 that comic had so many inconsistencies it was ridiculous . and i'm not even that much of a comic enthusiast . spidey's lack of spider senses . venom ... turned	also venom jizzed around a bell if you notice , and he is vulnerable to loud noises

1 a doctor was given an award for discovering a new cure for hiccups : digital rectal massage .	i'm curious how the idea came up ... " well ... we've tried everything else ... bend over . "
2 rectal stimulation can trigger a vagal response , he may have been going off that	i am asking this in complete seriousness ~ so does anal sex / penetration reduce blood pressure ?

1 on 5 march 1945 , a gurkha soldier in the british army calmly stood up in open sight and killed a sniper pinning down his company before going on to	i keep seeing all these gurkha posts and never get tired of them . as an indian who has met more than a few gurkhas and has traveled across nepal

1 a high school student served 5 years in jail and had to register as a sex offender after being falsely accused of rape by a classmate of his , because	i knew a girl who pulled some shit like this . was easier for her to claim rape than admit she liked dick . it worked out for her and
2 i think she was a pathological liar beforehand , because she lied about something so awful that you had to be fucked up to actually do it .	probably

1 the 19th - century poet william barnes advocated the removal of foreign-derived words from the english language , and their replacement by words of native origin . for example ,	" we went to talk to edward morgens , master of birdlore . edward , what can you tell us about the woodpecker migration ? "
2 > birdlore honestly , more english speakers would understand this better than ' ornithology ' .	i like that word more . can we call it that now ? birdlore , speechcraft , world of wargrammar , etc .

1 a chemistry grad student accidentally synthesized the chemical mptp and gave himself parkinson's disease while trying to make opioids - accidentally advancing parkinson's research at his own expense	everyone's arguing semantics and we're all ignoring the fact that you can basically inject someone with parkinsons . my world is a more terrifying place now .
2 you know you have a better chance of getting randomly injected with cyanide than this stuff . sleep well .	cyanide's no fun , but strychnine , now , that's a party in a needle .

1 pat robertson and several others who incorrectly predicted various dates for the end of world were jointly awarded an ig nobel prize for " teaching the world to be careful	all hail zorp

1 petroleum companies bought rights to battery patents and sued anyone who used them ( with gag orders )	i just get taken to a wikipedia article for the toyota rav 4 .

1 british police cars carry a teddy bear to console children after an accident	carry them in the ol ' pedo-van all the time . works better than candy .

1 beer bottles are brown in order to protect the beer from uv rays , which causes it to spoil . however , green and clear glass offers virtually no protection	what about blue ?
2 that shit is just stupid why the fuck would you want a blue bottle and besides all of the stuff in blue bottles is like % 80 water	because the rubes abinbev markets it too by that shit up .
3 along with the blue bottles why the heck do a lot of people from the us want beer to taste so cold it doesn't taste like anything ?	newsflash : people like cold drinks .

1 vlc media player uses a traffic cone as it's logo because the students who created the program had a traffic cone collection .	when i was little i always called it the traffic cone player and my dad told me it was better than the others so i believed him

1 metal from the fallen world trade center were used on the curiosity and spirit rover .	i think it was only the spirit and opportunity rovers , at least , according to this wikipedia article , " both spirit and opportunity have pieces of the fallen
2 you're right i can't believe i put curiosity .	incorrect facts on til - more than 1,000 upvotes .

1 before 9/11 , the credits of rambo iii dedicated the movie to the ' [ .. ] brave mujahideen fighters of afghanistan . ' now it's dedicated to the gallant	the speech in that movie from the fighters is like a lecture that bush and asschroft should have listened to

1 russia has approved construction of an estimated $ 66b tunnel across the bering strait starting sometime after 2030 , making a railway from new york to london a possibility during	it'll be quite the road trip from nyc to london . maybe rapture will be the halfway point for gas and hotels

1 during a lecture , an oxford philosopher made the claim that although a double negative in english implies a positive meaning , there is no language in which a double	why should a double positive imply a negative ?
2 that is exactly what i was thinking . in my mind , a lot of linguistics has its roots in information theory / logic , and by extension , math	except most ( if not all ) linguists reject the idea that double negatives are bad or ungrammatical ...
3 it's fine if it is the best way to get your point across but generally you'll be more clear not doing it . " it's not incorrect " means something	yeah , there are lots of reasons to do double negatives . ain't nothing wrong with them if you ask me .

1 the crown princess of the netherlands goes to a public school .	i hope she doesn't get stabbed in a fight between the mexican gang and the white supremacist gang . ohh , public school in the netherlands - - she'll be
2 not to forget the school is in bloemendaal . one of the richest , most posh areas of the netherlands . strangely also one of the best hippy beaches in	wassenaar , not bloemendaal , no beaches there . just a lot of rich people ( granted , bloemendaal has those in spades as well )

1 in 1991 a mathematician claimed that blowing up the moon will solve most of earth's problems	a yes , no surfing and it will be pitch black at night , he was smart .
2 stars will look even brighter then , i guess .	well i didn't think of stars at the time ...

1 brazzers , reality kings , youporn , pornhub and spankwire are all owned by the same company .	this company is " single handedly " responsible for millions of orgasms .
2 http://www.manwin.com/careers.php how awesome would it be to work for the biggest online porn company in the world ? you would never have to worry about nsfw material while browsing at	" what is this shit , johnson ? you were jerking off to milfs in your office ? none of our websites have milfs ! your're fired ! " and

1 su hui , a fourth century chinese poet , wrote a poem in the form of a twenty-nine by twenty-nine character grid . each line can be read forward or	people had a lot of time on their hands back then

1 the ussr actually decriminalized homosexuality 45 years before the first us state — and then re-banned it in 1933 under stalin .	[ young stalin ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/d6/aa/fe/d6aafe9e1fb1aea90db2f6ce9dca9799.jpg ) banned it because he could never walk alone ..

1 after the capture of a serial killer of children , a police officer found his own daughter tied and gagged in the back of the killer's van .	it takes a special kind of guy to not lose it in a situation like that .

1 boxer wladimir klitshko auctioned his olympic gold medal to raise money for underprivileged ukranian children . he raised $ 1,000 , 000 . the buyer immediately returned the medal to	the klitschkos are awesome . they both have ph.ds and will go down in boxing history for their dominance in the heavyweight division . they might even be considered all
2 > wlad's fiancée is hayden panattiere what . niceee .	i can't help but wonder what the ... intimate modalities of [ this relationship ] ( http://i.imgur.com/be3lpN6.jpg ) would be .
3 not gonna lie ... i stared at wlad's chest and abs more that i looked at hayden ... no homo	his chest is bigger than her boobs . what a beastly man .

1 the last words of a prisoner about to be executed were : " i did not get my spaghettios , i got spaghetti . i want the press to know	and the last meal requests of his two victims were ... ?

1 steven spielberg is the creator of the medal of honor series by electronic arts	then wheres the giant monolith in half of the campaign ?
2 huh ?	its a reference to 2001 : a space odyssey .

1 in 1991 the #55 mazda 787b is the only car with a non-reciprocating engine to win the 24 hours of le mans . its wankel engine was so good (	rotary ftw !

1 of princess olga of kiev who , after being courted by the same tribe that killed her husband , proceeded to bury the tribe's messengers alive before accepting the proposal	also from the article : she invited the tribe to send representatives to her husband's funeral and had them slaughtered after her servants got them drunk , and then used
2 specifically - she pretended to accept peace , which as a sign she asked for birds from each house of the tribe , which she then released with sulfur /	i'm pretty sure that's exaggerated .
3 no , every house had birds per home and every bird was trained to only be at their home , not anywhere else	not that they were trained so much as the types requested - pigeons mostly - are ones that tend to set up a single nest and always return . they

1 the term poisonous snake is mostly incorrect . poison is inhaled or ingested , whereas venom is injected.there are , however , two exceptions : rhabdophis genus and a small	not true . most snakes are venomous meaning they contain a neuro toxin which acts as a paralytic . the bite itself doesn't kill you , just the not being
2 as far as i was aware , and still am aware , venom is merely injected and poison ingested . according to my sources .	was your source qi ?
3 various online articles etc . friends so on and so forth .	oh , friends and so forth , glad we settled that one definitively .

1 a macedonian king once sent a message to sparta : " if i win this war , you will be slaves forever . " they replied with one word :	how many times is this gonna be reposted ? i've seen this 10 times already in the past month .
2 its the first time ive seen it and i visit til everyday on my commute . even if im the only one to learn something i see it as worth	this was last posted 21 hours ago

1 during the filming of rushmore , when wes anderson had to scrap a shot due to budgetary constraints , bill murray handed him a blank check to cover the cost	you will never know ... * how much i spent on this film . *

1 vermont abolished slavery in 1777 , while still an independent nation . this means vermont was both the first state , and the first nation in the americas to abolish	[ a nation is not a state . a us state is neither a state nor a nation . ] ( http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/33884718.jpg ) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nation http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sovereign_state http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Federated_state
2 i'd suggest you look up the vermont republic . vermont was a nation before it was a state .	so it's no different than the california or texas republics in a way .
3 correct . texas , california , florida , and vermont are the only us states that were independent at some point prior to statehood . edit * hawai'i .	hawai'i . wasn't a republic but was independent .

1 in the beatles song " while my guitar gently weeps , " neither george harrison nor john lennon plays the lead guitar part . eric clapton does .	in the beatles songs “ back in the ussr , ” “ dear prudence , ” “ the ballad of john & yoko , ” “ why don ’ t

1 despite receiving near-universal acclaim , the film iron giant bombed at box office , failing to make back even half of its budget	years later . i still cri evry time

1 the beatles have sold more records than bob marley , tupac shakur , nirvana , the beach boys and kanye west combined by over 30 million units	true , but the list of [ top selling albums ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_best-selling_albums ) is not dominated by the beatles : 1 . thriller 1 . the dark side of
2 it's kind of amazing that thriller hasn't been surpassed by something more recent .	as it survived until 2000 , it is a record that is likely going to stay . were any of those albums released this millennium ?

1 sharon stone for may years maintained that she had an iq of 148 and was a member of mensa . she finally admitted in 2002 that she was not ,	, back in the day ...

1 dave grohl is the drummer on all three tenacious d studio albums	dave grohl is the man .

1 al queda's strategy involved specifically using terrorism to provoke the west into long wars in numerous places that would lead to its financial collapse .	it's called trans - nationalist jihad . aq thought they could inflict similar losses on the u . s . as militant islamists did against the soviet union in the
2 and it ultimately failed , the soviets suffered 5 times the deaths in less time . you know what i find insane ? that some polls show that as many	who's talking about deaths ?

1 the comedy film my cousin vinny is often praised by lawyers due to its accurate depiction of courtroom procedure , something very rare in films which portray trials . it	i was always most impressed by how the movie generated tension and suspense without ever introducing the villains . everybody turns out to be a good guy , even if

1 over 90 % of pregnancies in the united kingdom and europe with a diagnosis of down syndrome are terminated .	i was diagnosed with down syndrome before i was born . but my mum and dad said that they'd take care of me whatever condition i was in . so
2 there's no way you can prove that you don't have it , and are just too downsy to know .	dude he clearly doesn't have it , don't be a dick .

1 there is a satellite orbiting earth that is predicted to re-enter the atmosphere in 8.4 million years , carrying a message addressed to the beings / humans and civilizations of	going to be funny if a species did this 65 million years ago and it drops on us this summer . " hey mammals , this is dinosaur alpha .
2 you should check out the star trek voyager episode " distant origin " . i freaking love that episode . http://en.memory-alpha.wikia.com/wiki/Distant_Origin	i am on the original series now . only show i've watched was tng . so i will run through that again , then onto the rest , in order

1 " ouija " was originally set to be a $ 80 - $ 100m supernatural jumanji-style adventure , but was abandoned and reworked into a $ 5m horror film .	this just makes me sad . i mean i enjoyed ouija as is , but knowing the potential just kind of hurts .

1 prince performed a cover of radiohead's " creep " at coachella , but forced youtube to remove footage that fans had taken of the performance . youtube reinstated the videos	sounds like he was trying to have his cake and ear it http://i.imgur.com/fSF9x.png

1 there are two 300 ton weights sliding back and forth to stabilize the john hancock tower	i would sooo like to see the ones in john hancock tower in action ! !

1 windows included solitaire in windows to teach people how to drag and drop .	this makes me want to play solitaire . in fact , i'm going to right now . edit : just played and i won on first try .
2 [ all the pleasure of winning without all the wasted effort of ... playing ] ( http://www.winningsolitaire.com/ )	my god ... it's full of cards

1 chris barnes , vocalist for cannibal corpse , told jim carrey that his neck movements in the " fire marshall bill " skit freaked him out . carrey responded "	there is a song by anal cunt called chris barnes is a pussy ! so ... i'm guessing he must be kinda an asshole if someone bothered to make a
2 i've heard that too , but to be totally fair , axcx just likes to piss people off for fun . i feel like the fact that they wrote that	actually seth and chris did get in a fight one time , that is what inspired that song . also great name .

1 the temperature of water when washing hands does not kill bacteria , it is how vigorously you scrub .	the hotter the water , the better the soap functions . think about how boiling water dissolves solids better than ice water . it doesn't " kill " the bacteria
2 this guy's right , hotter water forms a lather quicker and better .	the main thing is oil dissolves better in warm water then cold water .

1 while high profile scientists such as carl sagan have advocated the transmission of messages into outer space , stephen hawking has warned against it , suggesting that aliens might simply	dey vant to sak are bloood .

1 poodles were duck hunting dogs . the goofy hair pattern on them is there to cover their vital areas .	my girlfriend told me this yesterday . cool bit of knowledge .

1 it only takes eight pounds of household lye ( sodium hydroxide ) three hours to fully dissolve a human body .	when ordering it online i recommend making two separate 4 lb . orders to avoid suspicion . so far , so good .
2 i work in a restaurant where we use lye in the process of making our pretzel buns . it comes in a case of about ten pounds . thanks for	where does lye come into the pretzel making process ? seems a tad caustic for a food ingredient .
3 the lye makes the thick skin of the pretzel . as far a i know they're only briefly dipped into the lye before being boiled .	they're boiled in a lye solution .

1 masturbation relieve depression and lead to a higher sense of self-esteem	how do we explain wankers regret then ?

1 the scrubs episode which poked fun at multi-camera sitcoms won an emmy for " outstanding multi-camera picture editing " .	link to episode ?
2 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_GRTCOvmf0g	yeah , sure , i shouldn't have watched the last two minutes .

1 there is a john cleese voice option for tomtom , and when you must " bear to the right " , it is followed by " beaver to the left	i have snoop . he used to be novel , now i find myself yelling you shut your mouth , snoop dogg quite often . * you have reached your

1 11 year old james dean was sexually abused by a minister and had a sexual relationship with a methodist pastor in his teenage years .	for some reason , it seems like gay kids are often recognized and victimized from a young age :(

1 when queen wanted to release " bohemian rhapsody " , various executives told them that a song with a length of 5 minutes and 55 seconds was too long and	which is absurd because the seven-minute album version of the doors mega hit , " light my fire " played in 1967 , and richard harris's " macarthur park ,
2 don't forget that a 7 minute long song called hey jude was # 1 for 9 weeks in the us in 1968 .	really ? who wrote it ?
3 that paul mcaffrey guy kanye discovered a couple moths back	you got his last name wrong . it's only one f

1 guitarist les paul's right elbow was shattered in a car accident . doctors were unable to repair it so he had them fuse his arm bones at a 90 degree	i can just see a ton of people pretending to have their arm fused like that to see how he did it .

1 jousting is the official state sport of maryland	god i fucking love my state , including the extremely bipolar weather

1 , in 1980 , real madrid played against their own reserve team in the copa del rey final .	interesting . most of the copa del rey finals were played at the chamartín . not this year .

1 the hulk's name was david banner instead of bruce banner in the 70 ' s tv show because " cbs thought the name bruce sounded too gay-ish "	hulk thmash .

1 in the vietnamese version of cinderella ( tam cam ) , at the end , cinderella dismembered her step sister , put the body into a jar of food and	jeezus fucking christ on a pogo stick .

1 : liberty island , which hosts the statue of liberty , is an isolated piece ( exclave ) of new york that lies fully within the boundaries of new jersey	also , til : the term [ exclave ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Exclave ): an exclave is defined as a portion of a country geographically separated from the main part by surrounding

1 tommy wiseau ( the room ) had an unusually intense obsession with actor james dean , and that a lot of the lines in the room were basically ripped directly	and if you have not seen the rifftrax , please seek it out .

1 easter will be on april fool's day in 2018	empty eggs , empty eggs everywhere .

1 due to low attendance to celebrate mlk's nobel prize , coke ceo told city leaders , " it is embarrassing for coca-cola to be located in a city that refuses	i'd like to think he then kicked the door off its hinges and walked out .

1 one " awesome blossom " appetizer from chili's has as much fat as 67 strips of bacon .	granted , it's not made for one person to eat alone .

1 gene wilder refused to watch the 2005 remake of willy wonka because he didn't want to be disappointed in johnny depp	what an asshole .

1 for 15 years , the phoebus cartel planned the obsolescence of light bulbs by limiting them to 1000 hours usage to make consumers buy more and fined manufacturers whose lightbulbs	i'm pretty sure lightbulb manufacturers still unnecessarily limit the lifespan of their bulbs .
2 the new cfls only seem to last about 3-5 weeks .	i've yet to have a cfl go out on me . then again , mine are like 5 years old . and i think i have one that's going on
3 they do go bad they let out a puff off smoke as well to let you know .	that's the magic smoke . they run on that .

1 in the united states as many as 3.5 million people experience homelessness in a given year ( 1 % of the entire us population or 10 % of its poor	there are more than 67,000 homeless veterans in the us . i find this unacceptable and shameful .
2 yeah , fuck the other 3,433 , 000 people .	yeah less then 2 % of the homeless americans are vets . that's kind of an acceptable margins .
3 i'm gonna need a citation on this .	it's based off of tinyirishgirl's claim . you can ... you know ... do the fucking math yourself . you should have learned that by early middle school .

1 lawrence of rome was sentenced to die by being roasted alive . after a while of being seared over burning coals , he told the executioners " turn me over	[ sounds like he enjoyed it . ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/000/607/760/39c.jpg )
2 he looks jacked .	the guy in that pic is actually [ bhai dayala ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bhai_Dayala ) . still a martyr ( killed by muslims because religion in 1675 ) but sikh rather
3 ive never met a sikh i dislike .	i've never met a sikh .

1 when nancy grace was a prosecutor , she was reprimanded three times for misconduct , including " her disregard of the notions of due process and fairness "	she is a shrill bitch and she was a disgrace as a prosecutor .
2 she was willing to disregard rules , protocol , sense and good taste to get her way as a prosecutor . now she's in a field that has less rules	she's not really much different than any other high profile prosecutor in a large jurisdiction . she just put two toes over the line , and if she hadn't become
3 this is why i am going to law school . everyone tells me i'll lose my soul as a defense attorney , but in reality , what better way is	stick with it , go to all the nlg conventions while you're in law school if you can ( they party ) . be a defense attorney , work for

1 coca leaves are still used in coca cola . a company in nj extracts cocaine from the leaves for medical uses , then ships the remainder to coke	this is why no generic coke tastes like the real thing . ( as opposed to mr pibb or dr thunder which taste , for all intents and purposes ,
2 no , you do not say anything tastes like actual dr pepper ! take that back !	dr . pepper is like the american version of vegemite , its gross if you don't grow up with it .

1 steven spielberg initially negotiated to direct " harry potter and the philosopher's / sorcerer's stone " . if he had his way , it would be an animated film with	great idea , get an american guy to voice an english 12 yo . good work steven
2 so ? they're actors . getting a british guy to voice a hotshot american doctor worked pretty well .	american to british accents just never seem to work very well in my experience . we're not terribly good with accents over here unfortunately , and a young child actor
3 usually , yeah . but who's pulled it off reasonably well ? renée zellweger-bridget jones , james marsters-spike , gwyneth paltrow , robert downey , jr ... ?	of course there are going to be examples of some actors / actresses getting it right , but it's pretty few and far between .

1 the infinite monkey theorem , stating that monkeys with typewriters and enough time could produce the entire works of shakespeare , has been tried out in real life . they	that seemed to be the finite monkey theorem they tried .

1 germany finished paying off reparations for world war i in october 2010 .	one paid for , one more to go

1 the infinite monkey theorem , stating that monkeys with typewriters and enough time could produce the entire works of shakespeare , has been tried out in real life . they	haven't you watch twitch plays pokemon ?

1 85 mph is the highest posted speed limit in the united states .	always wondered why speed limits in the us were so low . in france all highways are 130km / h even though most people have very weak engined small city
2 every car i've ever driven starts to shake at around 90 mph .	stop using craigslist for cars

1 the chemical name for titin is approximately 189,819 letters long and can take over three hours to pronounce .	[ and here's a video with someone saying the entire thing ! ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NFR-ADakI-c )
2 [ and here is mac os saying it in less than half the time ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7F0JWhHRa8s )	* * title : * * longest english word pronounced * * duration : * * 1:11 : 21 * * views : * * 10,592 * * author :
3 i like this new bot , anyone else ?	i do !

1 president eisenhower predicted holocaust deniers , so he ordered pictures be taken of concentration camps .	this is weird , the link i sent did not go tot he correct area .
2 it might happen because that wikipedia page has been linked to before and reddit directed you to another link that used that page but on a different section	this raises the issue of the hypocrisy of reddiquette . > [ please don't ] complain about reposts . just because you have seen it before doesn't mean everyone has
3 yeh it seems to ignore the link to a specific part of a wikipedia page and just say that that page has already been posted , even though you are	it's quite easily fooled , you can just add a trailing slash or the likes . youtube videos are especially easy to repost because there are so many url options

1 deadpool once killed off the entire marvel universe , including the writers themselves .	it's pretty bad . killing spidey with a gun ? gee , nobody's ever thought of that . if only he had some sort of .. way to predict danger
2 that was my biggest gripe honestly . no way deadpool could get away with that .	he also couldn't kill banner / hulk or thor .
3 they couldnt kill him either . at least hulk and thor have the * possibility * of dying	actually , thor could technically kill deadpool with a godblast

1 40 percent of all wikipedia vandalism is detected by a single bot . it has only 0.1 % false positives .	one of cluebot's criteria for vandalism is people editing his page .

1 kryptonite was invented because superman's original voice actor wanted time off , and the only way to do this was to make superman sick .	he also could not fly either in the radio days . he could only leap high over tall buildings over a long distance .
2 that's because all the harnesses and back projection needed for flying effects in those days were just too expensive for radio .	not really . radio had the best visual effects back in the day .

1 there are 4 states that ban billboards - hawaii , alaska , vermont and maine .	aren't there also some city's that do that ? i could swear growing up in coral springs , fl there was no billboard in sight . made leaving the city

1 16 years after the trail of tears ended , the choctaw indians donated 170 dollars to relief for the irish potato famine	as a proud member of the choctaw nation of oklahoma and an employee i'm glad to see this often overlooked act becoming more noticed . the irish president once visited
2 as a employee of choctaws as well , we are getting our revenge . one slot machine at a time .	another t rex i see

1 in 100 days , the current queen of england will have the longest reign in the history of british monarchs .	there is no queen of england . since the [ acts of union ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Union_of_the_Crowns ) in 1707 , there has been a queen of great britain and ireland
2 doesn't queen of great britain imply queen of england as well ? and queen of heathrow ( for example ? ) .	it does . she's queen of ipswitch and queen of wormwood scrubs too ... literally name a place that british ...

1 carl switzer , the original alfalfa in the our gang series , lost his friend's dog on a hunting trip . he offered a $ 50 reward and demanded that	you would think this would be rare , but i retrain unemployed people to be truck drivers and they pull shit like this constantly . constantly .
2 shooting each other in the dick ? i have to admit , as a truck driver , i haven't seen very much of that .	well , one did shoot his stepson , and another choked a woman for " not acknowledging him " . some people are unemployed for a reason . oh ,

1 tigers are the only predators known to regularly prey on adult bears	i knew that from a fucking dk vhs i got for my birthday when i was like 6 .

1 6 - year-old ryan gosling , inspired by the movie " first blood , " once took steak knives to school and threw them at other children during recess	daww , he shared with the other kids on the playground . what a great guy ! and handsome too !

1 hitler loved pranks . he once tricked a high ranking nazi into thinking he was going on a suicide mission , causing him to escape , hand himself over to	hitler apparently was a bad comedian , constantly telling jokes . one of his former bodyguards , rochus misch , the last surviving occupant of the führerbunker wrote about his
2 oh my god . holy shit . you guys . hitler is just michael scott from the office ...	that's actually a thing on german tv : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I39Y49NEB1Y
3 i don't speak german but that was kinda funny anyway . lustig deine name ist hitler .	captions are available , just click the button and watch again ! ( no terrible auto-detection for this one )

1 according to his accountant , the mcduck's money bin contains 607 tillion 386 zillion 947 trillion 522 billion dollars and 36 cents .	i'd be fine with 0.0000000000 001 % of that which is still 60 million dollars

1 gandhi said of the holocaust : " hitler killed five million jews . it is the greatest crime of our time . but the jews should have offered themselves to	and the rest of it the sentence ( and context ) reads : " .. it would have aroused the world and the people of germany ... as it is
2 i personally don't believe this makes it any better . but that's just me . i believe gandhi was nowhere near as great of a person as the western world	well , when you gain a country its independence against a nearly invincible force you're kind of admired .

1 during islam's golden age , scientists were paid the equivalent of what pro athletes are paid today .	how i long for those days to return .

1 the scene depicting the omaha landings at normandy in saving private ryan cost $ 12 million and used up to 1,500 extras .	* * but * * [ all it takes is 3 graphic designers , some running , climbing and video edditing ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WRS9cpOMYv0 )

1 after the australian 1 and 2 cent coins were phased out in late 1991 , they were melted down and used in the sydney 2000 olympics as bronze medals .	australia had a 2 cent coin

1 gary oldman has never won , or even been nominated for an academy award	it tells you something about the value of the academy award .
2 they don't give awards to actual actors , only to personalities playing themselves .	wow . i never thought of it that way before , but that seems to ring true .
3 and the oscar for best actor goes to ... daniel day lewis , as anything he damn well wants to be .	i never even heard of gary oldman until today edit : just being honest

1 mark wahlberg committed vicious hate crimes , including harassing african-american children by throwing rocks at them and shouting racial epithets and permanently blinding a vietnamese man in one eye .	he should have located the man he blinded and at least apologized and gave him a shit load of money and treated him very well . instead he's " forgiven

1 the green bay packers have sold out every game since 1960 and there are 86000 people on the waiting list	everyone knows the only way to get packers or steelers season tickets is to inherit them .
2 same with the eagles	yeah i have heard that , but when it comes to fanbase it seems to pretty much be topped with packer / steelers .
3 based on what ?	a few pbs programmes i have watched talking about football fandom and tailgating culture .

1 l . a . mobster johnny stompanato dated 50s actress lana turner , once held sean connery at gunpoint on a movie set out of jealousy , was then disarmed	sean connery's vitriolic rage in the untouchables wasn't him just acting .

1 some cuban cigar factories employed a " lector " who would read newspapers , political treatises and classical literature aloud to help break the monotony of the cigar-rollers ' work	romeo and juliet was one of the most popular stories , hence the cigar brand romeo y julieta
2 my uncle who is mexican ( my aunt married him ) . really likes romeo y julietas i really think they are very low to mid-range cigars , but he	i'd put them as mid-range , with some premium options . low end is stuff like casa de garcia ( which i'm smoking now ) , cassa bella and quorum
3 everyone always says that cohibas are supposed to be the best cuban cigar but i'm not aficionado so can anyone confirm that for me ?	i haven't had a cuban one but you can get the dominican ones easy enough . they are pretty good . but they are not $ 20 a stick good

1 a 16 - year-old xhosa girl had a vision that to defeat the british soldiers the tribe should kill all the cattle and destroy the crops . tens of thousands	which brings me to my next topic kids .. don't do crack .
2 > which brings me to my next topic kids .. don't do * * superstition * * . whether departed ancestors , or a floating jew , it doesn't matter	technically , it was a mild hallucinogen . xhosa are known for taking dream herbs to have prophetic visions .

1 in 1943 , after a worldwide search , a mouldy cantaloupe in a peoria , illinois market was found to contain the best strain of penicillin for mass production	i have lived in the peoria area for almost 30 years , and i have never heard this . maybe it would be different if i grew up here .
2 grew up here , still here , first time i've heard of it .	same here . i love history , but never heard of this .

1 there are 4 states that ban billboards - hawaii , alaska , vermont and maine .	maine really is a great place , as long as you don't mind the winter . if you are looking for a place to move to and haven't considered maine

1 actor steve buscemi was a new york city fire fighter from 1980 to 1984 . he showed up at his old firehouse the day after 9/11 in new york to	could you imagine being pulled from the rubble after being trapped for days and you look up to see the face of your rescuer and its steve fucking buscemi ?
2 [ his eyes would be the most taxing . ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6R4PK.jpg )	a seizure warning would have been nice .

1 while in the military mr . t was ordered to cut down trees as a punishment by a sergeant . he cut down 70 trees in 3 1/2 hours before	" i pity the fool who don't give me clearly defined quantities of trees to cut ! "

1 , on his deathbed , aldous huxley asked his wife for acid and she obliged him .	pretty sure he asked for this every day , it just so happened he was dying on that last one

1 after olga of kiev's husband got murdered , she went after the culprits and not only obliterated the whole family through ruse and deceit , but also destroyed their city	holy shit !

1 tim duncan grew up in the us virgin islands where he was gearing up for the 1992 olympics as a competitive swimmer until hurricane hugo destroyed the island's only olympic-sized	this explains a lot .

1 when the seinfeld finale aired , tv land paid tribute by not programming any shows opposite it , instead just showing a still shot of a closed office door with	and when you tried to call their offices , you got [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=caoYdiq3kak ) .
2 bee-leeve it or naht , george isn't at home ... whereee could he beeeee ? best answering machine msg ever . bet that spawned a billion copies across the land	fuck , i wish i could go back to 21 ...

1 the daily show's john oliver is married to an iraq war vet - they met when she hid him and his crew from security during the 2008 rnc !	it helps that she's flaming hot .

1 in 1963 at age 11 , kurt russell starred in a movie with elvis presley . 16 years later , a 27 - year-old russell played elvis in a tv	and kurt russell in backdraft with donald sutherland , donald sutherland in animal house with ... kevin bacon .

1 in most nordic countries there are laws called " every man's rights " which state that it is legal to trespass , camp , fish and pick berries on public	wait , i thought this was kind of basic stuff ? what's the rules in america for walking in forrests ?

1 david yost , who played billy the blue power ranger , quit the show after frequent harassment from the crew for being gay	the blue power ranger was gay .
2 even at 6 , i knew	at 6 i knew i was straight because of kimberly .

1 a scorpion's anus is at the end of its tail , not on its butt	[ relevant cat does not eat the anus ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uyPcH_BFzvE )

1 the labrador dog is from newfoundland and the newfoundland dog is from labrador .	labrador and newfoundland are the same province anyways , so they come from the same place .
2 same province but two totally different cultures . it's funny to see newfoundland and labrador put together , but we never say it like that . people from the actual	i used to hear them put together all the time when i was a kid . " join us for hockey night in canada at eight o'clock , eight thirty

1 arizona and hawaii are the only two us states that don't observe daylight savings time	wasn't dst originally observed to save candles ?

1 the personal bodyguards of the byzantine emperor were primarily scandinavians and anglo-saxons . they comprised the " varangian guard " which was also an elite unit of the byzantine army	i recently learned this from playing crusader kings 2 . that game is tricking me into learning about history .

1 the rolls royce merlin v12 aviation engine created so much thrust from the exhaust , engineers were able to angle the exhaust backwards to gain 10 mph in the spitfire	does this represent some inefficiency in the expansion / power stroke of the piston or such like ?
2 no , it's just the standard exhaust gases leaving the engine . they leave at such speed they generate an amount of thrust . the same way the exhaust gases	so yes , it is an inefficiency . it's just a really common one .

1 goof means pedophile in canada	it doesnt mean pedophile , but goddamn . canadian men do not like to be called " goofs . " as a canadian i've inadvertently nearly started fights by using

1 lobsters are " biologically immortal "	" that is not dead which can eternal lie yet with strange aeons even death may die " ergo : lobsters = lovecraftian evil . you know what to do
2 they're not screaming , they're squealing with joy at the thought of feeding you .	for by being consumed , they can whisper their dark thoughts to you in your dreams . for once eaten , they are now flesh of your flesh .
3 poop of your poop .	and in my case , vomit of my vomit . bright green . everywhere . all over the floors . up the walls . everywhere .

1 jack white is a seventh son of a seventh son	[ obligatory iron maiden reference ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L5a5ikPo-Ow )
2 seventh son of a seventh son of a seventh son of a seventh son of a seventh son of a seventh son of a seventh son of a seventh son	[ lol ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A-LIPFgMcVA )

1 in germany , norway , sweden , japan , canada , greece , and finland , maternity leave meets or exceeds 6 months ; compare that to the u .	most companies here in the us offer fmla ( family medical leave act ) . depending on how long you've been working for your employer , you are able to
2 yeah , getting disability which is about half your normal pay is totally awesome right ? ! ...	i didn't challenge whether it was " totally awesome " or not , i was saying the title is misleading .

1 brandon knight had a 4.3 gpa in high school	obamanotbadface.jpg

1 oral sex was illegal in canada ... until 1969 .	anal in a threesome is illegal .

1 during filming of " super mario bros . " bob haskins ( mario ) and john leguizamo ( luigi ) were so unhappy working on what they knew to be	man i loved this movie . zero fucks given that it was terrible . " hand out the devolution guns ! "
2 say what you will about this movie , dennis hopper as king koopa stole the fuckin show man	remember my dad , back in the day , seeing this and joking that hopper shows up in the damndest roles .

1 in the star wars universe , " spice " is actually drugs and han solo was a drug smuggler previous to meeting luke skywalker .	[ jesus was an architecht previous to his career as a prophet . ] ( http://youtu.be/lspjLG9nHXk )

1 when the world cup was hosted in the united states in 1994 , they only spent $ 30 million on infrastructure improvements . for the 2014 world cup , brazil	14 billion is nothing ... qatar is going to spend 200 billion / deloitte report

1 proposed alternative flags of new zealand	an ideal combination of the two best . http://i.imgur.com/dqGps.png

1 the " fuck you " version of rage against the machine's " killing in the name " , which contains 17 uses of the word " fuck , " was	that's some nice ragin ' boys .

1 40 percent of all wikipedia vandalism is detected by a single bot . it has only 0.1 % false positives .	but does this bot flip tables like reddit's favorite one does ?
2 ( ╯ ° □ ° ） ╯ ︵ ┻ ━ ┻	┬ ─ ┬ ノ ( ಠ_ಠノ )

1 lego blocks are so strong that it would take a stack of 375,000 bricks to cause the bottom brick to collapse , which represents a stack 3,591 meters ( 11,781	in the mall of america in wisconsin , there is a lego store with some incredible structures in it . there is a mech warrior that is over two stories
2 moa is in minnesota .	true , sorry , i stand corrected . it's in minneapolis , was thinking milwaukee ... i'd love to blame it on it being late ... but nah , just

1 switching to unleaded gasoline probably raised average the iq and cut violent crime .	http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_Midgley,_Jr . - - also responsible for cfcs .

1 thomas jefferson , president and author of the declaration of independence , did not believe in the divinity of jesus .	a lot of the founding fathers didn't . benjamin franklin said he'd rather people build lighthouses than churches because of them being useless

1 when they brought back " classic coke " ( after the whole " new coke " thing in the late - 80 ' s ) , they actually made 1	if you're in southern states , you may find " mexican " coca-cola , made with sugar .
2 they sell it by the case at costco , at least here in california .	and here in dc / md , it's more expensive than the us stuff though :(

1 right before his death , jim henson did not go to the hospital right away because , his wife believes , " it was likely due to his desire not	steve jobs would probably be alive if he had gotten treatment earlier too . so lesson here is if you dont feel good , get checked out .
2 i have never heard this . source ?	[ here you go . ] ( http://skeptoid.com/blog/2011/10/05/a-lesson-in-treating-illness/ ) he was diagnosed with a treatable form of cancer , but chose to forgo surgery and instead treat it at home

1 eleanor roosevelt had an aversion to sexual intercourse , and considered it " an ordeal to be endured "	" woops ! it looks like it slipped and is in the ' ole butt-hole once again , eleanor my sweet ! oh welp , i suppose i'll go ahead
2 and this is why people opposed the new deal	cause it was a pain in the ass ?

1 the guy who discovered pluto is on his way there as you read this .	boy is he gonna be pissed when he gets there and finds out it's not a planet anymore .
2 [ what will happen after the incident ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l4QUgjxJbo4 )	my childhood .

1 the myth of the cyclops may well have its origins in finding elephant skulls : where the nostrils are is a large " eye socket "	are is ?

1 eugene " gene " cernan , the last man to walk on the moon , fulfilled a promise he made to his daughter tracy by writing her initials on a	isn't that fucking sad . the last person to walk on the moon did so in 1972 . nineteen seventy two . motherfuckers would have to be fifty to have

1 when colonel robert gould shaw , commander of the all-black 54th regiment during the american civil war , died at fort wagner , he was stripped and buried with his	" a black man can catch a bullet just as easy as a white man can ! and for less pay too ! oh uncle sam got himself a deal
2 > a black man this is where i stopped paying attention because your comment starts off racist . i also downvoted .	it starts off with a quotation mark because it's a fucking quote .

1 antonio banderas ' character in the 13th warrior was inspired by a real person	i actually really liked this movie .

1 keanu reeves was so good at being a hockey goalkeeper he was nicknamed ' the wall ' . he dreamed of playing hockey for canada but an injury ended his	yeah , have you seen the matrix ? to him .. the pucks would be moving in slow motion ...

1 smoking makes breasts sag faster than normal by breaking down a protein in the skin called elastin , which gives youthful skin its elastic appearance and supports the breast .	you know , i was wondering why this was tagged nsfw ... then i simply scrolled up on the wiki page and wished i hadn't .
2 b .. bu .. but , my boobs look like that since i got boobs and i never smoked in my life :(	i'm sure they're lovely

1 nolan ryan's last pitch was thrown after tearing a ligament in his arm and was still 98 mph .	my father gave me the " nolan ryan's pitchers bible " when i was in high school . good read , training was very different before nolan came around and

1 a 5 year old child was sacrificed in chile after the largest earthquake ever recorded . the two charged were released after 2 years , as the judge ruled they	this headline reads like a footnote written by terry pratchett

1 the actual normal human body temperature is 97.9 ° f , not 98.6 ° f ( as is commonly cited ) , because someone rounded before converting their units .	hence why i was always told i run " cold " when i had my temp taken - interdasting - either they were keen to this wizardry or i really

1 the earliest piece of great literature , the epic of gilgamesh , includes a story in which gilgamesh is told to build a ship to save the animals of the	it's almost like the most popular religions annex historical religions by assimilating their cultures

1 for over an hour on february 7th 2008 , comcast accidentally broadcast porn instead of cartoon network in nashville , tennessee . in another incident , comcast replaced disney channel	11/10 you did it comcast

1 chopsticks actually replaced forks in china after they were developed , as opposed to the country having never developed them as many people think .	& gt ; in china , an estimated 45 billion pairs of disposable chopsticks are produced annually . this adds up to 1.66 million cubic metres of timber or 25
2 koreans often use reusable metal chopsticks .	so does everyone else .

1 jehovah's witnesses have falsely predicted the end of the world 20 times .	if you really wanna throw them for a loop , ask how many people the jws believe get into heaven . then ask how many jw members there are .
2 former jw here . jw's believe that only an elite few ( 144,000 ) get in to heaven , yes , but they believe the rest of them get to	did they always believe that , or is that something that was added after the mathematics became uncomfortable ?
3 basically always . 144,000 is a very biblical number . it's kind of weird where else it shows up in the world ( ex : mayans had 144,000 days in	approximate number of days in 400 years is why it is the same as a baktun ( mayan number system was base 20 , 20 ^ 2 = 400 )

1 in the united states , more money is stolen by employers from employees each year than is stolen in robberies , burglaries , larcenies and auto thefts combined . the	just curious how does one who agrees to work a certain job for a certain dollar amount have there wages stolen ? ! ? like the job i currently work
2 and why would one stay employed at said job if one was being stolen from ? ?	that's irrelevant . it's like saying rape is fine because then victims know to avoid the rapist .
3 irrelevant is your analogy ! someone who has been raped doesn't keep going back ! ! !	my point is that whether or not the victim returns has no bearing whatsoever on whether or not a crime has occurred ...

1 charles manson's mother once sold him to a waitress for a pitcher of beer . his uncle retrieved him some days later .	i think the waitress is the craziest one in this situation .

1 pablo picasso , living in nazi-occupied paris , suffered harassment from the gestapo . one officer allegedly asked him , upon seeing a photo of his painting guernica in his	i had the luck to see it in person in madrid . you can't appreciate it for the work it is until you're standing in front of it . the
2 i felt the same way about one of my favorite paintings , [ the coronation of napoleon ] ( http://i.imgur.com/c5HABF5.jpg ) . it's pretty amazing to behold . sorry for	i felt the same when i first saw [ the execution of lady jane grey ] ( http://pwlawrence.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/Delaroche+Execution+of+Lady+Jane+Grey+1834.jpg ) . very emotional .

1 in their 1983 film " monty python ’ s the meaning of life , " the pythons defined the meaning of life as " try to be nice to people	now thats the meaning of 42 , finally we discover it

1 85 mph is the highest posted speed limit in the united states .	i think that in rural stretches the speed limit should be much like montana's " reasonable and prudent law " because with little to no traffic people should ( and

1 prostitution was widely legal in the united states up until the early 1900 ' s , when the woman's christian temperance union lobbied against it . this was the same	religion poisons everything .

1 micheal emerson was only meant to be cast for 3 episodes as ben linus on lost , but when he asked for milk they were so intrigued , they extended	more evidence that the show was made up as they went along ...
2 so , like every show .	the difference being that lost really tried to play up the idea of some grand and well thought out story being woven , not something being made up as they

1 salvador dalí had a pet ocelot named babou , which he once brought aboard a luxury ocean liner	should have called him buyers remorse .

1 edgar mitchell , one of only 12 people to have walked on the moon , claims that the us and many countries governments have been covering up alien visitations for	honestly if i was an alien i'd like the earth government to cover up my visits . you have to remember people are shit . if an alien visit were
2 what makes you think they would care about this stupid backward ass planet ? humans are self centered , arrogant , greedy and violent . you think they would really	you think other civilizations wont be like humans ?

1 homefront , a video game released in early 2011 , based on a war against a north korean global power , has so far successfully predicted both the year of	people are forgetting about their successful prediction of a japanese nuclear meltdown , though it was slated for a different year than reality .

1 there's a brewery in germany that's been continuously brewing since 1040	[ oldest operating companies list ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oldest_companies ) there's a handful of japanese hotels still operating since opening in the 8th century .
2 why does the first section of that wiki page say ' 578 to 1299 ' when the oldest listing is 705 ?	[ kongo gumi ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kong%C5%8D_Gumi ) was a company established in 578 , and used to be on that list until its demise in 2006 . i'd hate to

1 jesus is mentioned more often in the quran than muhammad while mary is mentioned in the quran more than the new testament .	muslim here , another thing some of you might find interesting is that jesus is also the most quoted prophet in the quran . seconldy , mary is the only
2 what about hawa ( eve ) ?	def . not mentioned by name .

1 the front license plate isn't required in 20 us states	this is the reason why public parking makes you pull straight into parking spaces . at least this is how is it for most places that i've been too in

1 frankie muniz of malcolm in the middle had a career in professional car racing after the show ended	his dad ended up running a drug kingpin or something like that
2 being a drug kingpin ? running from a drug kingpin ? running a drug kingdom ? running down some drug kingpin ?	i think he's talking about walter white

1 when the world cup was hosted in the united states in 1994 , they only spent $ 30 million on infrastructure improvements . for the 2014 world cup , brazil	tyl that the usa isn't a piece-of-shit , ass-backwards developing country with no existing infrastructure .

1 some radar detectors use radar detector detector detectors to detect radar detector detectors to prevent detection	how many detectors could a radar detector detect if a radar detector could detect detectors ?
2 how many detectors could a detector detector detect if a detector detector could detect detectors .	probably 1 at a time ?

1 both the united kingdom and canada have banned the westboro baptist church from entering their countries .	repost

1 texas-style chili contains no beans . just meat and peppers . purists .	the best way to eat chili is a frito pie . that's a bowl of fritos , covered in chili , covered in cheese . dr . pepper to drink
2 make that a dublin dr pepper and you have yourself a meal	i like dr . pepper , but dublin dr . pepper is just too sweet . every time i drink it i swear i can feel my teeth rotting .

1 in penile-vaginal intercourse with an hiv-infected partner , a woman has an estimated 0.1 % chance of being infected , and a man 0.05 % . am i the only	that's still too much .
2 i assume you're trying to say that * any * death is " too much " , right ? if that's the case , then you haven't really thought out	oh you're so silly , my position is fa-bu-lous ! immortality for everyone !

1 cinco de mayo is bigger in the us than it is in mexico , mostly because beer manufacturers saw it as a marketing opportunity in the 1980 ' s	its just another drinking holiday in the us . like st . patrick's day or easter .

1 despite receiving near-universal acclaim , the film iron giant bombed at box office , failing to make back even half of its budget	this movie is one of the best animated films . it's upsetting to learn it did so badly roi-wise . brad bird did good .

1 the 1990 film total recall had a planned sequel where arnold became a policeman and solved crimes before they happened with help from clairvoyant martians . it was never filmed	you people will buy any kind of bullshit , won't you ! ?

1 the bugs called " roly-polys " actually have a proper name that is a lot less adorable . woodlice .	[ " wood lice-oly " ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rolie_Polie_Olie ) just doesn't have the same ring to it .

1 rolling stones drummer , charlie watts , was sleeping one day , when mick jagger phoned drunk to watts ' hotel room asking where was his drummer . watts got	there was no citation on the wikipedia for this

1 before google purchased it , gmail.com was originally an email service provided by garfield.com .	gmail deutschland . arghhhhhhhhhhhh

1 the crowd at the first guillotine execution is reported to have yelled " bring back our wooden gallows " , because a guillotine was insufficiently entertaining .	[ public executions by guillotine were common in france until 1939 . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Capital_punishment_in_France#1939_onwards )

1 antifreeze is made artificially bitter because the original sweet taste makes it perfect for murdering / poisoning people	fortunately there is a simple antidote ethylene glycol poisoning , ethyl alcohol .
2 so what you're saying is that i can enjoy myself a nice glass of antifreeze as long as i get drunk afterwards ?	antifreeze was widely used in austria to adulterate wine so it would taste better . [ more information ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1985_diethylene_glycol_wine_scandal )

1 in november 2010 , leonardo dicaprio donated $ 1,000 , 000 to the wildlife conservation society at russia's tiger summit . dicaprio's persistence in reaching the event after encountering two	and if a man who wrestles bears calls you a real man ... you get all the ladies in the area pregnant .
2 i doubt dicaprio had any significant trouble impregnating pretty much anyone he wanted to .	i'm a male but i'm willing to let him try for as long as he wants .
3 don't lie . there are no men on the internet .	anyone calling themselves a man is actually a boy . anyone calling themselves a boy is actually a girl . anyone calling themselves a girl is actually an fbi agent

1 the town fucking , austria ’ s only reported crime was theft of many fucking road signs . in ‘ 05 they were replaced with antitheft ones & cctv cameras	that is the greatest fucking thing i have ever read .

1 jehovah's witnesses have falsely predicted the end of the world 20 times .	lolxdddd

1 when laura bush was 17 , she ran a stop sign and hit / killed her ex-boyfriend . she was not charged .	family guy was right ... ?

1 the last words of a prisoner about to be executed were : " i did not get my spaghettios , i got spaghetti . i want the press to know	when they asked what he wanted on his tombstone , he told them " cheese and pepperoni "
2 oh my god , you are the best .	i know right ? who could have thought of that joke ?
3 are you just going to take every diablo account name so you can pass the account names on to future generations ?	except it would be diablo v , in his case .

1 google has created and tested driverless cars on the streets of california , and over the course of 300,000 miles , they've only been in two accidents : one while	i can't wait for the top gear episode that features this ! ! !
2 didn't they ? might not of been google but i'm sure one of them rode in an auto driven car and he freaked out on turns	i know someone who works there . apparently it's very unsettling to ride in one of them because the computer has no consideration for human comfort .

1 today i learned that patrick warburton ( joe from family guy ) does the voice of both volibear and zac	i guess it's no coincidence that zac , voli , and joe are all practically unkillable

1 even sylvester stallone believes " stop ! or my mom will shoot ! " was one of his worst movies ever , calling it " maybe one of the worst	leonard part 6

1 there is a type of beer in belgium with such low alcohol content that it is served in schools .	look at the head on that beer , who ever poured that should hold their head in shame .

1 psychologist timothy leary designed tests given to prisoners . after being convicted of drug crimes , he answered his tests in such a way that he was assigned to work	i took a psychological evaluation test for a job about 2 years ago and it asked all kinds of questions about flowers and gardening .
2 so ... don't leave us hanging ... how do you feel about daffodils ?	they're easily the vainest perennials you find in gardens .

1 queen is the only band in which every member has composed more that one chart-topping single .	not a huge queen fan but mighty interesting ... brian may is a bad ass
2 whereas freddie mercury has a nice ass .	i don't know ... it's kinda bony nowadays . ^ ^ ^ i'll ^ ^ ^ show ^ ^ ^ myself ^ ^ ^ out ...
3 nice ... but he was cremated .	he needs some lotion . his skin is a little ashy .

1 washington state is the only state in the united states where assisted suicide , same-sex marriage , and cannabis use are all legal .	washington is the best ! not even an opinion , this is objectively true . as a resident , i may be a bit biased though ha .

1 rickman has been with his first girlfriend since 1965 - when he was 19 years old	snape kills dumbledoore

1 sea otters will hold paws while sleeping to avoid drifting away	and the ' cutest mental image brought about by a title on reddit today ' award goes too ...

1 christian , judaic , and islamic texts all ban interest on loans	i didn't know about the christian part , but i knew muslim bank accounts exist from my mom working in a bank . the muslim accounts wouldn't pay interest on
2 really ? what bank is that ? ! ? ! ?	in this case natwest , but i couldn't find information on that . lloyd's however : http://www.moneynews.co.uk/2315/lloyds-tsb-launches-islamic-student-account/

1 : even with the bare minimum of driver training on its use , the british roundabout has been proven to be at least 20 % more efficient at moving traffic	americans were taught years ago to [ fear the roundabout . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iAgX6qlJEMc )
2 if people in europe are so smart , how come we always win the superbowl ?	come back when you win eurovision

1 british police cars carry a teddy bear to console children after an accident	i got confused ... the title says " cars " but the picture shows a motorcycle ...

1 star trek creator gene roddenberry served in wwii with a pilot named kim noonien singh and lost contact with him following the war's end . roddenberry named the villain khan	he also named klingons after his friends last name . his friend was the dad of my pe teacher mr . clingon .
2 was he a pretty tough teacher ? " if you can dodge a bat'leth , you can dodge a ball ! "	been on a ds9 binge and just saw the episode where jax and worf have a bat'leth fight which leads to sexy times . so apparently klingons get turned on

1 whoopi goldberg choose her stage name , not just as a reference to a whoopee cushion , but also because her mother thought " goldberg " was jewish-sounding enough to	her name is the perfect mix of whimsy and strategy .
2 but it was rather less effective for yahoo serious .	" serious " isn't jewish-sounding enough .

1 consuming asparagus affects the smell of urine , but only 22 % of the population have the gene to smell it	i call bullshit on that 22 % . i can smell it , and i haven't met a single person that hasn't been able to smell it .
2 time for a poll .	follow the link to vote ! http://www.easypolls.net/poll.html?p=531b82e0e4b061af6f2466fc
3 90 % can with 125 votes . somethings up . or there are just a lot pee sniffers on reddit . p . s . i can smell my asparagus	89 % can with 244 votes .

1 gary oldman has never won , or even been nominated for an academy award	that is truly earth-shattering .

1 kermit the frog was implied to be somehow responsible for the 9/11 terrorist attacks . in the television special " it's a very merry muppet christmas movie " , the	fringe ?

1 sean connery was offered a contract to play for manchester united , but turned it down to pursue acting	did anybody read the rest if his bio ? football , bodybuilding , fighting off six man gangs singlehandedly ?

1 during the cold war , nikita khrushchev said to mao zedong that " berlin is the testicles of the west . every time i want to make the west scream	how'd that work out for them ?

1 a religious sect named " the shakers " enforced a strict policy of celibacy - even after marriage . they've been dying out as a result .	we have a plenty of examples of lethal genes . could this be a " lethal meme " ?

1 nasa management was so worried apollo 10 astronauts would land on the moon against orders , they shorted them on fuel so they could only descend the lunar module to	that's like buying your virgin son a super hot hooker when he is 15 and telling her she strictly can touch anything on him except his cock and balls .

1 glenn burke was not only the first openly gay major league baseball player , but is also credited with inventing the high five in 1977	this is wrong . [ jesus invented the high five shortly after he invented the wait three days rule . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=565FpbFhqpg )

1 when asked about his participation in ' jaws : the revenge ' , michael caine famously replied " i have never seen the film , but by all accounts it	british actors have no pretensions . they'll do anything , as long as they can continue to do what they love — act .
2 you should read michael madson's website for his opinions of the films he was in / reasons for taking the roles .	linky ?
3 [ here you go ] ( http://www.michaelmadsen.com/ )	whoa whoa whoa - - poetry ?

1 with almost $ 7.8 billion across all its movies , marvel has taken the top spot of highest grossing film franchise .	marvelous
2 i'm not some kind of blind devil , i saw what you did there .	wow , what're you the kingpin of this thread ?

1 in 1995 , pixar sued the developers of a video game called uniracers because the game had an animated red unicycle in it . pixar won the lawsuit and nintendo	i own it and love it !

1 justin timberlake's mum is ryan gosling's legal guardian .	[ the reason they don't stay in touch ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X0DeIqJm4vM )

1 mustard and wasabi aren't spicy until crushed . only when the plant's cells are damaged can two otherwise harmless components mix and produce allyl isothiocyanate , the compound responsible for	i fucking love mustard . i love it with a tall glass of milk .
2 mustard and cheese sandwiches ftw	fuck . yes .

1 in 1996 , bear grylls broke his back after falling 16 ' 000ft when his parachute ripped . two years later he climbed to the summit of mt . everest	i don't get the criticism about how he stays in motels or whatever after his shooting of the show . the motherfucker ate a cocktail of bugs and and a

1 in february 2012 , lehigh university of pennsylvania released a study that priced the death star based on the cost of steel to produce it . it believed that in	waste of time lol

1 secr . of treasury andrew mellon raised federal revenue by lowering the tax rate : from 77 % to 24 % on the highest earners and from 4 % to	the analysis is a bit simplistic . there was also an economic expansion going on as the world recovered from four years of war in europe . so mellon could
2 this is true to some degree , but it is difficult to argue that reducing the top marginal rates from ~ 80 % to a more reasonable rate would not	yes , 77 % is a whole different operating regime .

1 people of the mongol empire never washed their clothes or themselves because they believed washing would pollute the water and anger the dragons that controlled the water cycle .	where was this knowledge when i was a kid ? would have loved to see mom's face after i use it to get out of taking a bath .

1 the dutch swear with diseases . instead of calling a person a ' cunt , ' one may wish a horrible or deadly disease on you ( i . e	as a dutch person this fact largely dissapoints . people also generally get offended when you use cancer ( kanker ) as a swearing word .

1 it is illegal to sell alcohol on thanksgiving day in massachusetts and north dakota .	like 15 years ago it was illegal for anything to be open on sunday in ma except gas stations . liquor stores were just allowed to open on sunday a
2 way to crush 1/7 of your economy .	and for some reason we just repealed the tax on alcohol . cuz it's real important to save $ 0.50 on that case of beer and take millions a year

1 the first animal to ask an existential question was from a parrot named alex . he asked what color he was , and learned that it was " grey "	alex's last words : > be good . i love you . oh the feels . edit : since it's being discussed in this thread i figured i'd share my
2 the actual last words were : > you be good , see you tomorrow . i love you . these were the same words that the parrot would say every	check out the song " be good " by lace curtains .

1 scientists in antarctica watch " the thing " every winter . we should all do that too on the same date . it should become a worldwide event .	here's the thing . you said ' scientists in antarctica watch " the thing " every winter . ' is it in the same family ? yes . no ones

1 when genghis khan sent a trade caravan to the khwarezmid empire , the governor of one city seized it and killed the traders . genghis khan retaliated by invading the	you had one job governor !

1 aerosmith made more money from their guitar hero game than any of their albums	i had a lecture from a musician for one of my ip law classes , and while he was definitely very opposed to piracy , he was also quite clear

1 hunter s . thompson shaved his head bald so he could refer to the republican candidate as his " long-haired opponent " in the 1970 pitken county , co sheriff's	funny how we don't see too many reddit tils about his physical and emotional abuse of women over the years ...
2 you're just getting downvoted because they only know fear and loathing . in his published letters you can see he is sexist and abusive . he was also homophobic and	i ran a quote of his via twox http://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/comments/2ojfu0/women_are_terrified_of_being_raped_but_somewhere/

1 as a child elon musk was bullied so severely he once had to be hospitalized because of a beating from other students	morale must have improved

1 a u . s . senator was called a hero for refusing a bribe from the fbi , to which the senator responded - " i do not consider myself	it probably goes back farther , but 9/11 burned through some collective circuits regarding what constitutes being a hero . from then on out doing your job at an assumed
2 you're my new ... * hero * .	that took guts . a heroic amount of guts .

1 " to learn who rules over you , simply find out who you are not allowed to criticize . " is not a quote from voltaire . it comes from	i always like stuff like this . when something is accurate or insightful , just like when something is stupid or boring , it doesn't matter the source if the
2 coca cola > pepsi ~ adolf hitler 1953	ha !

1 when genghis khan sent a trade caravan to the khwarezmid empire , the governor of one city seized it and killed the traders . genghis khan retaliated by invading the	> genghis khan even went so far as to divert a river through the khwarezmid emperor's birthplace , erasing it from the map holy shit
2 genghis khan don't play .	yet he's always the friendliest motherfucker in my civ games , and gandhi , who's supposed to send me herbs and spices sends nukes instead .
3 really ? my ghengis khan's strategy is always to piss everyone the fuck off while having like half of everyone else's score .	gandhi having nukes is one of my least favorite memes . and that's saying something .

1 while studying at cornell , bill nye had carl sagan as a professor	" nye told the st . petersburg times in 1999 that he applied to be a nasa astronaut every few years but was always rejected . [ 11 ] "

1 the riaa tried to sue limewire for $ 72 trillion in damages - - an amount of money larger than the entire planet's gdp .	i remember when winmx was hoppin ' , and so were the chatrooms . want more search results ? opennap .

1 the international house of pancakes was not actually international until august 2012 .	it was called international because you could get food from around the world . the dishes not the company .

1 in 1927 several million people in the united states sent over 100,000 petitions urging congress to adopt the metric system .	i sent letters to my reps several years ago on the topic . you should too ! [ it's easy ] ( http://www.opencongress.org/people/zipcodelookup ) .

1 frank sinatra has three stars on the hollywood walk of fame . one for film , one for music and one for television .	and hulk hogan doesn't even have one

1 venice island was built on a foundation of tree trunks . 1200 years later , those same trunks still support almost all of central venice .	* venice * ... because why the fuck not .

1 some people are upset that memorial day was changed in 1968 to be the last monday of may rather than the 30th , saying : " changing the date merely	probably wouldn't have happened if the u . s . didn't have so few vacation days on average .

1 nasa has created a crop called dwarf wheat that contains more nutrients , manages to germinate faster and is smaller than conventional wheat . these crops were successfully grown in	get urist to harvest it .

1 pinocchio actually kills the cricket , imprisons his maker for 3 years , bites off a cats hand , kills a snake by making it explode from laughing too hard	i'd like to thank walt for cranking this story through the grinder that is disney . i couldn't have handled watching the death of jiminy cricket .

1 the fastest man made object ever recorded was a manhole cover .	where in that article did it say it was either the fastest object or a manhole cover ?
2 i only know about this because it was explained to me in person by an engineer . i suppose i only have him to cite but i did a good	my brother who is an engineer explained this to me yesterday . coincidence ?

1 after hurricane ike in 2008 , comcast customers were billed for unreturned equipment that had been destroyed by the hurricane . customers were charged as much as $ 1000 for	in america you have to return broadband and tv equipment ?
2 it's not an american thing , some companies give you equipment to use while you continue to subscribe and expect it back if you cancel . for example here in	we have cable tv in the uk ? i have only ever seen people with satellite if they pay for premium tv services ( with the exception of virgin media

1 jason schwartzman is a member of the coppola family . his mother is talia shire , aka adrian from rocky , his uncle is francis ford coppola , and his	this guy is " cool ethan . " we should have expected him to have a badass family tree .

1 jehovah's witnesses have falsely predicted the end of the world 20 times .	i have met a number of jw's and they have never tried to convert me , not once , i feel bad about it . but i have to say
2 i can understand how you would have that impression because you were never in the religion . witnesses are taught to give the most positive impression possible to outsiders .	sounds like you joined them and then got disfellowshipped for not " following the rules " ?

1 peta had a problem with the whaling segment of assassins creed : black flag . ubisoft dismissed it saying they did not condone whaling any more than they they condoned	they don't condone a pirate lifestyle ? fuck ubisoft .
2 brb , downloading a car	* ship
3 * jackdaw	* fool

1 on june 27 , 1844 , mormon founder joseph smith was murdered by an angry mob while he sat in a jail cell . the incident arose after smith ordered	i had no idea so many mormons were on reddit .

1 higher intelligence has been linked to unconventional sexual practices aswell as frequent sexual fantasies and thoughts .	i think someone created this to make themselves feel better about their beastiality .

1 the most isolated person ever was alfred worden during apollo 15 , he was 2,235 miles away from the nearest human being .	for here am i sitting in a tin can far above the world planet earth is blue and there's nothing i can do
2 this is ground control to major tom	* you've really made the grade *

1 a man who gave away his fortune to charity also donated a kidney to a stranger , noting that the chances of dying as a result of the procedure were	scenario : either you instantly die in the next minute , or 4000 random people ( excluding you ) around the globe die . you are choose , one has
2 4k people easy .	you could make it 4 million and most people would make that choice .

1 , nina simone , aged 12 , at her first concert debut at a classical recital , refused to play until her parents were allowed to sit in the front	she is courageous .

1 one of the original names thought up for hannah montana was alexis texas .	[ canned laughter ]

1 no physical clone trooper armor was ever produced for star wars prequels . every clone trooper was cgi .	so how did they shoot the scenes with temuera morrison as commander cody ? was there ever a scene where he was wearing his armor and not his helmet ?
2 nope , his head was simply added to the cgi armor .	i'm almost positive his head was entirely cg too actually . or he is a very low-resolution human .
3 and there we have the reason why the prequel trilogies will be forgotten in ten years while the original trilogy will be famous forever . one of them looks as	i dislike the prequels as much as the next guy , but i don't think they'll be forgotten in 10 years . remember despite everything , they still say "

1 if momma did ' buy me a mockingbird ' she would be violating the migratory bird treaty act of 1918 , and would be subject to a fine of up	bird law in this country is not governed by reason .
2 i can own an assault rifle , but i can't own a raven .	you can keep a gull as a pet ... but you don't want to live with a sea bird .

1 the homeopathic flu remedy oscillococcinum is so diluted that there would need to be 10 to the power of 320 more universes to simply have one molecule of the active	if only i was a callous bastard , then i could make people pay hundreds of dollars for water as well while they died for lack of real medicine .
2 sell it as a treatment for something harmless like a hangover .	but water for a hangover actually helps

1 volkswagen owns audi , bentley , bugatti , lamborghini , porsche , seat , škoda , ducati , man , and scania .	did you know that bmw owns rolls-royce and mini and they make motorbikes ?

1 people with red hair are more sensitive to thermal pain , are less sensitive to electrically induced pain , and require larger amounts of anesthetics than people without red hair	red hair is caused by a gene mutation .. rangas are therefore mutants

1 to foster infighting and maximize power , adolf hitler would intentionally give contradicting orders to officers whose duties he knew would overlap .	dude . the nazis worked just like the sith ... whoa .
2 yeah , star wars came out after the nazis , so its more the other way around .	" a long time ago in a galaxy far , far away " the nazis clearly came second
3 but they couldn't have known about star wars until after the documentary , which came out after the nazis .	not unless they had time travel * the whole time ! *

1 alcoholics anonymous contains enough religious elements that mandating someone to attend aa is in violation of the first amendment of the constitution	i had to go to aa through a court ordered program . the court didn't send me to aa , the program the court ordered me to take sent me
2 me too now i've got over 28 years sober a day at a time . it was the best thing i ever did .	congrats man ! keep it up !

1 the infinite monkey theorem , stating that monkeys with typewriters and enough time could produce the entire works of shakespeare , has been tried out in real life . they	i'm pretty sure the " * * infinite * * monkey theorem " has never been tried out .
2 i was going to ask ... where did they find infinite monkeys ?	it's almost reassuring to know that anything is possible under the constraints of infinity .

1 phillips screws are deliberately made to cam out ( slip ) when the screw stalls , explaining why they slip so often .	also most screws that come with assembled furniture are complete trash . i almost always use my own screws for most things since they get stripped nearly instantly .

1 every winter at a research station in the south pole , 50 people are left totally isolated for 8 months . an annual tradition for the personnel is the back	because nothing like having psychological terror in the middle of nowhere
2 its not true , not everyone watches the movie , and it depends on where you are within the station , there are actually a few stations . when i	it's time for an ama .
3 shit was cold yo . source : am south	hey mr . south , what's your relationship with north like ?

1 the huns had no writing system , and thus all records of them were written by their enemies - - who universally describe them as nearly monstrous in appearance ,	they could have been " monstrous " at least in part because [ they seemed to undergo head binding ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Artificial_cranial_deformation#History )
2 they were also said to have deformed legs from spending so much time in the saddle , from a young age . also , from wikipedia : > they cut	so they're like the real life dothraki .

1 smoking makes breasts sag faster than normal by breaking down a protein in the skin called elastin , which gives youthful skin its elastic appearance and supports the breast .	i learned this my freshman year of highschool . for op's sake , i hope you are a freshman in highschool .

1 jackie chan got the name jackie while working as a construction worker in canberra , australia	f that , til jackie chan was in enter the dragon

1 the boring , monotone lecture ben stein delivers in ferris bueller was originally meant to be off-camera , but the student extras laughed so hard at his voice that john	yeah i actually understand that lecture haha i'm an econ major
2 good luck with that . edit : totally not being a dick . i have a history degree and my job prospects suck balls .	i'm sure he's fearing the job stability and hiring rates of econ majors .

1 a grizzly bear's bite is estimated to be strong enough to crush a bowling ball	step your game up bb manufactures .

1 the sun contains 99.86 % of the mass in the solar system .	and then think of just how much mass you and i take up . pretty freaking insignificant .

1 freddie mercury's range went from a bass low f to a soprano high f without using his falsetto	i have no idea what that means .
2 i'm tone deaf . explain it to me like i'm completely deaf , amiright ?	/ r / explainlikeiama

1 the venom of the brazilian wandering spider can cause an erection that lasts for hours .	> laboratory mice subjected to p . nigriventer venom experienced intense penile erections before succumbing to the toxin . this has got to be one of the worst yet best
2 why the fuck would a spider give a mouse an erection instead of killing it ?	if you give a mouse an erection ...

1 after hitler ordered the deportation of denmarks jewish population , danish citizens organized a massive evacuation of the jews to neutral sweden , despite the risks . in the end	kinda like how lysol says it kills 99.9 % of bacteria . they can't say 100 % because it's just too unbelievable , not to mention all it takes is

1 the nfl is legally required to keep the browns , bengals and steelers in the same division regardless of future alignment plans	ravens to la confirmed
2 " la ravens " still makes more sense than " utah jazz " .	" it's spanish for ' the ravens ' " .

1 edgar allan poe died at age 40 after being found on a baltimore street delirious " in great distress , and … in need of immediate assistance " . he	probably a drug overdose .

1 from 1904 until 1950 , incoming us senators are issued a copy of the jefferson bible ; a bible which jefferson edited out anything he deemed supernatural . the practice	did they also get transportation aboard the jefferson airplane ?

1 bowhead whales may be the world's longest lived mammal . in 2007 , a 15m ( 49ft ) specimen was discovered with the head of a harpoon embedded in its	wasn't there a female killer whale that still leads its family today , since the time of the titanic ? i swear i read that somewhere . [ here it
2 i've always associated oceanic mammals likes orcas , dolphins to outer space . in some way . or ancient knowledge .	quit bogarting that joint .
3 i know it's like a hippie stoner type comment but i mean there are thousands of miles of earth that every night it's just the ocean below and the stars	i know - this is why m night shamalamadingdong's movie was so hilarious .

1 : members of the band " good charlotte " protested against kfc's treatment of chickens . then in 2012 and 2013 appeared in a number of kfc commercials in australia	saw the thumbnail before i saw the headline and the hard shadows made me think it was a still from archer .

1 hitler loved pranks . he once tricked a high ranking nazi into thinking he was going on a suicide mission , causing him to escape , hand himself over to	i don't even know what to say ...

1 stephen hawking has survived for over 50 years after being diagnosed with a disease that only 4 % of people survive 10 years with .	god is keeping him alive , ironically of course .

1 jews fought side-by-side with muslim soldiers to defend jerusalem against the crusaders	nothing unites like a common enemy . hence , my solution to the current israel / palestine situation : we create a race of super-locusts , 8 feet high ,
2 what happens when israel / palestine lose ? and the locust gain a huge land mass as a home base ? they start reproducing , creating better weapons . then	why do you think the us spends such an absurd amount of money on the military ? this plan has been in the works for decades .

1 , in 1951 , after his plane crashed into the ocean , clint eastwood swam 3 miles to safety ( along with his pilot )	america incarnate .

1 the man who wrote what is considered the first significant self help book in 1859 , samuel smiles , is the great-great-grandfather of bear grylls .	wrote first significant self help book better drink my own piss

1 testicles are getting smaller with each generation	iirc smaller testes are generally assoicated with monogamous species ... and larger testicles with polygamous . smaller testes produce less but higher quality sperm , couple that with cultural pressure
2 sperm has quality ? how do you quantify that ? is that like higher sperm counts or more liquid or like viscosity ?	some spermcells have two tails ( which basically renders it useless ) or otherwise deformed . that's how quality is determined .
3 there's more to quality sperm than morphology . there's also the overall count , how many are active , how long they survive , how well they move , the	but he specifically stated " less " already so volume and count aren't really factors in such a scenario when it comes to quality .

1 the largest nuclear power plant in the world is in ontario , canada and that their security force has won the u . s . national swat championship four times	i'm mostly impressed that there exist a swat championship
2 there's also a world special forces skills contest that they show on tv . it's pretty impressive .	what is it called ?
3 i don't remember . it's been a while . [ this youtube video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4uLGKHl44YY ) is the warrior competition , with teams from 17 countries . china sent	i was actually deployed to jordan during this event

1 an mit geek in the 70 ' s convinced a record label he had a band recording an album in la . in reality he mixed the entire thing himself	boston's songs are ok , but what's really cool about them is that you can turn them up all the way and they don't really distort any of the frequencies
2 i'm a fan of theirs , but from what i've heard boston is not a band you want to see live . they were wizards at mixing , recording ,	saw them in 1987 on the third stage tour . they were amazing . played every song from the debut album except " smokin ' " . ( i know

1 the word " fancy " in " fancy ketchup " refers its higher specific gravity in comparison to " standard ketchup . "	fancy must also mean " tastes like shit where the fuck is the heinz ? "

1 stone temple pilots formed when singer scott weiland and guitarist rob dileo met at a concert . they began discussing their girlfriends and eventually realized they were both dating the	sounds like the plot to an indie film

1 a platypus does not have any nipples . instead , milk is released through the skin and collects in flaps of their belly , to be licked up by the	this is one weird animal . it is a duck billed , otter footed , egg laying , water loving mammal that is venomous and has no nipples .
2 don't forget beaver tailed !	i knew i forgot something obvious , thanks !

1 popcorn used to be used as breakfast cereal	used to be ?

1 bengals , lions and chiefs have not won a playoff game in 20 years .	thanks for reminding us . i'm hoping that we can take our name off this list in 2014 .
2 the one year ( 2006 ? ) where you guys ( i think it was the bengals ) almost made it but that dude botched the game winning kick ,	i was at the game i think you mean . he missed two field goals against the jets that were in the ~ 30 yard range . it wouldn't have
3 that was the 2009 playoff game . he was talking about week 16 in 06 when we were win and in , but the long snapper muffed an extra point	we had to win 1 of our last 3 to make the playoffs . and we choked . every . fucking . one . i was at a christmas party

1 subway's most popular sandwich , the italian bmt , is named for ' brooklyn manhattan transit ' , literally a subway	subway's footlong is only 11 inches ...

1 steve jobs died because he refused medical treatment for his cancer . instead , he tried a vegan diet , acupuncture , herbal remedies and other treatments he found online	just another example of steve jobs being an idiot . sure he was extremely successful , but still an d bag
2 what is it with that " an " and " a " confusion ? it's " a " if the word starts with a consonant , " an " if	uh oh , the typo police are here ...
3 not at all . it's pure curiosity as it seems rather natural to me to use it the " correct " way than anything else ... what's the logic behind	it's more natural for me as well , if you must know , i originally put " asshole " but changed to " d bag " and just forgot to

1 john lennon once saw a ufo . lennon called his photographer who told him to call the police , but lennon laughed and said , " i ’ m not	no one would believe him , so he went home and beat his wife until she was seeing stars and could corroborate his story .

1 mountain dew was made to be mixed with whiskey	unfortunately , whiskey was not made to be mixed with mountain dew .

1 john hopkins university conducted a study of mushrooms with 36 college-educated adults ( average age of 46 ) who had never tried psilocybin nor had a history of drug use	spiritually significant could also mean raped by god , that could be bad

1 liam neeson turned down being bond because he was " not interested in starring in action movies " .	i think after his wife died , he just decided to work .

1 in the 1920s two german zoo directors began a selective breeding program to breed back the aurochs into existence from the domestic cattle that were their descendants . their plan	this reminds me of [ this ted talk ] ( http://www.ted.com/talks/jack_horner_building_a_dinosaur_from_a_chicken.html ) where jack horner talks about recreating a dinosaur from a chicken .

1 mr . rogers made a legendary emmy acceptance speech that shut everybody up	[ video of his acceptance speech ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Upm9LnuCBUM )
2 i thank god that comments were disabled on that youtube video .	16 people missed the like button .
3 dae hate it when people say things like this ? ( number of people - did something to accidentally click dislike )	dae hate it when people make usernames commemorating one of the worst bands to hit the music scene ?

1 a man in nebraska is breeding red cows and sending them to israel in hopes of a pure red heifer being born there ; such an event will allegedly prompt	well at least now that south park episode doesn't seem so random .
2 what episode	http://www.southparkstudios.com/full-episodes/s17e06-ginger-cow
3 you can watch any full episode of southpark online	too bad its not available everywhere ( new zealand ) .

1 the tattoos used in the film " eastern promises " were so realistic , that diners in a russian restaurant in london fell silent out of fear until the actor	http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32I-Nx0hdTw ( nsfw ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JKZRCWVdQxI ( better quality . also , italian ) the full shower fight for those intererested . warning : balls .

1 disney hired kodak to make the pavement in their parks a certain hue of pink , to make their grass look greener ( by wearing out the red receptors in	disney - evil & sneaky to the core i tell you . but re the pink / green illusion , take a look at this : http://www.roumazeilles.net/news/en/wordpress/2008/01/02/follow-the-pink-dot-green-dot/
2 watched for 2 minutes , nothing changed , then remembered i'm colorblind . doh !	if you can distinguish between pink , green , and grey ( most colorblind people can ) , it should still work for you .

1 robin williams not only loves evangelion , but collects nge merchandise	i wonder if he knows that the main character from wings of honneamise ( also from gainax ) was modeled after him ?

1 the tampa bay buccaneers ( 1999 ) have won the nfc north division championship more recently than the detroit lions ( 1993 ) .	i miss the central .
2 which sort of leaves this factoid semantically inaccurate ... technically , the bucs have never won the nfc north ...	it's not even semantically incorrect , it's just incorrect .
3 " the tampa bay buccaneers have won a division which includes the packers , bears , vikings , and lions , more recently than the lions . " there you	what an honor !

1 although pancreatic cancer is usually deadly , steve jobs had the one variety that's curable . but for nine months , he refused treatment and instead tried a vegan diet	as someone who has lost two relatives to pancreatic cancer , i'm pissed at him for dying of a treatable variety of it . * * edit : * *

1 after wheelchair bound rapper mf grimm was sentenced to life he paid a one-day bail of $ 100,000 , he then recording an entire album in those twenty-four hours of	whoa , never thought i'd mf grimm on the frontpage of reddit . the album he recorded is beautiful too , * downfall of iblis * . also check out

1 at the height of the irish potato famine in 1847 , almost 4,000 ships carried food from ireland to england and scotland while 400,000 irish died of starvation and related	wow native americans ... way to dig deep
2 it's over $ 20k in todays money . ignorance .	also , did he ever consider how insanely economically disadvantaged native american tribes were at that point ? it was less than ten years after the trail of tears .

1 a defense lawyer ( who was also a congressman ) in a murder trial accidentally shot himself and died while reenacting the possibility of a victim accidentally shooting and killing	baader-meinhof phenomenon ! i was looking this up a few hours ago !

1 : the earth is relatively smoother than a billiard ball	in other news , [ kansas is flatter then a pancake ] ( http://improbable.com/airchives/paperair/volume9/v9i3/kansas.html )
2 i believe someone posted that one hour and nine minutes before you . it's a the top of the page , in case you were wondering :)	eh , it happens .

1 female penguins , even when in a committed relationship , will exchange sexual favors with strange males for the pebbles they need to build their nests .	sounds like some female humans i've had the displeasure of becoming acquainted with .

1 snopes , wanting to stress that people shouldn't believe everything they read , created a few entries with myths they made up and marked them " true " . tv	so is this true ?

1 during the chernobyl , three engineers volunteered to dive into a pool of radioactive hydrogen peroxide with no working flashlights and open a pipe to stop the reactor from exploding	> the chernobyl you realize chernobyl is the city's name , right ?
2 the city is pripyat , ukraine ( ever play call of duty 4 ? ); chernobyl was the name of the entire facility . " the chernobyl " could make	chernobyl is the city the reactor was named after . pripyat is just another city in the zone .

1 a young charlie wilson's dog was killed by a next door neighbor who was running for city council by mixing crushed glass into the dog's food . charlie wilson retaliated	i hope the neighbor is rotting in hell with pineapples up his ass .

1 ol ' dirty bastard rescued a 4 year old girl from the wreckage of a car accident that occured in front of his recording studio .	that girl should be nineteen now , i wonder how she's faring .
2 i wonder if she likes it rawwww .	i'm trying to revive you little buddy , i'm trying !

1 danny trejo often chooses to play bad guys to teach younger audiences that bad guys often die or go to prison , and that one should try to live a	spy kids ! that's how i recognise him ! gotcha , ya awesome bastard !

1 when harvey weinstein wanted to edit princess mononoke to make it more marketable its director , miyazaki , sent weinstein a katana with a message stating " no cuts .	miyazaki was part of japanese mafia

1 superman compresses his spine when he is clark kent so he is shorter . this helps prevent people from discovering clark kent = superman .	no , its the glasses . no one expects the glasses

1 the tampa bay buccaneers ( 1999 ) have won the nfc north division championship more recently than the detroit lions ( 1993 ) .	yeah and were proud of it , the sad thing is that we don't get to be the lovable loser , people hate us . i wish we were the
2 you were loveable until schwartz . i don't plan to forgive now that he's gone though . fuck you guys .	but our new coach is so nice ! he's a fucking moron who knows jack shit about coaching , but a nice one !

1 . in the us , the " we'll be back after these messages " often seen during kid shows of the ' 70s , ' 80s , and ' 90s	[ abc " after these messages we'll be right back " cowboy - 1988 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=leZHiNnBpVk )
2 i vaguely remember another one ( maybe a different station ) that said " in a minute " 3 or 4 times in a somewhat high pitched voice . was	[ " in a minute " short ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DbVYdeMCokQ )
3 ... that's the kid from 3rd rock from the sun .	[ he's also a highly accomplished actor ] ( http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0330687/ )

1 the pilot episode of lost was so expensive ( ~ $ 14million ) that the network president was fired for greenlighting it .	i'd be a much happier person if it hadn't been greenlighted
2 here's 800 questions but don't worry they're all in a church in the afterlife , fuck you very much .	there really werent too many questions left unanswered

1 does anyone else want to see an r rated , gritty , dark , and violent tmnt movie based on their frank miller origins ?	i do want to see a gritty , dark and violent tmnt movie based on their " frank miller-style " origins . and whenever i feel this way i can

1 one species of shark kills more humans than all other shark species combined . it is , of course , the great white . wait i was wrong ! it's	it's amazing how they've eluded the media for all these years .

1 the farthest distance into space humans have traveled was reached during the apollo 13 emergency .	tom hanks said he would love to do a sequel . man that was such a great movie .
2 but what would the sequel be about ?	apollo 18 just remake the movie with tom hanks
3 anything is better with tom hanks	rape fetish porn starring tom hanks

1 during ww2 the allies discovered that the germans were using the leaning tower of pisa as an observation post . a u . s army sergeant that was sent to	i'm surprised so many historical monuments survived both world wars . it is nothing short of amazing .
2 too bad so much of russia was destroyed , especially during the communist revolution	well , st . petersburg is actually very well preserved , especially considering that its opulent palaces survived several decades of soviet rule , who really hated all those fancy
3 if they destroyed all those fancy palaces where would stalin spend his summer vacations ?	lake eerie has some nice shore-front properties

1 : on 5/25 / 2012 , " unabomber " ted kaczynski submitted his current information to the harvard alumni association . listing his eight life sentences as achievements , his	just reading about adx where he is held is pretty cool . that's an insane inmate list too .
2 there was a prison guard ama a few days ago and i got lost in that wiki spiral of prisons . you should check out the natgeo documentary of russian's	saw that one show , russia's toughest prisons ... / t
3 dolphin prison is insane .	my kids actually enjoyed seaworld ...

1 einstein was stopped so much in public , he would reply , " pardon me , sorry ! always i am mistaken for professor einstein . "	so i'm walking my 7 year old son to swimming lessons at the local middle school . he sees a poster of einstein ( the one with his tongue sticking
2 that's interesting . einstein has become more of an adjective than a name . edit : it has been written to me that this is more of a common noun	no shit , sherlock .

1 the best way to get a coconut crab , the largest crab in the world , to release you from its pincers is to pleasure its underparts .	pft . i developed an entire martial art centered around breaking a chokehold using only a bottle of jergens and a very special kind of kung-fu grip .

1 there are " rape by deception " laws in israel , which can send a non jew to jail if he has consensual sex with a jewish woman and tells	i think with some men there would be an obvious clue to them not being jewish . edit : circumcision is what i was referring to .
2 how so ? anyone can be a jew .	judaism is an ethnic religion that does not seek converts , and converting is extremely difficult . sure , there are some converts who are not ethnic jews , but

1 suge knight's girlfriend who was about to testify against him disappeared and hasn't been found since 2008 . when all charges were cleared suge knight said " god is good	this dude reeks of mistakes . he is one of the unluckiest lucky mofo's on the planet . successful moron !

1 ed o'neil is a black belt in brazilian jiu-jitsu .	favorite picture of ed ever : http://i.imgur.com/e4KtD.jpg

1 the connective design for all lego bricks has been unchanged since it was patented in 1958 ; in other words , if you have an original brick from 1958 and	then i guess lego should be the ones running the country , they understand you dont fix whats not broken

1 an " epidemic " in wow can be used to study how humans will react to real epidemics .	during an epidemic ... people will gank newbs . it's science .

1 alfred hitchcock was notoriously hard on actors . he was once quoted as saying , “ actors are cattle ” — a quip that stirred up a huge outcry .	" you can't just shoot the actors ! they're not animals . " " have you ever seen one eat ? "

1 the dc snipers planned to kill 6 white people a day for 30 days at predetermined destinations , but plans were hindered by traffic .	that's racist .
2 nuh uh , it's only racist if white people do it . didn't you know ? </s>	christ , this fucking comment again .
3 was reddit always this racist ? i wonder if it's because of all the kids on break ... or if i never noticed until recently .	against white people ? yeah . the admins are hqd in the sjw stronghold of san fransisco . white people are fair game for racism because that's how equality works

1 in 1908 , herman " germany " schaefer became the only player in baseball history to steal first base . he was already on second .	this is how wwi started .

1 today i learned that patrick stewart has expressed an interest in appearing in doctor who !	[ reallyrandomrabbit , meet tehdoctor . ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/doctorwho/comments/le6qh/question/ )

1 hershey's chocolate is flavored with sour-tasting butyric acid , which also gives vomit its aroma . this is why people unaccustomed to american chocolate sometimes compare it to vomit .	i'm not even going to read these comments , i already know it's going to be one humongous " lol murican food sux " circlejerk .
2 well then you would be wrong . it's more " lol all of murica sux " circlejerk .	you guy's know that this reaction you're displaying is also a circlejerk ?
3 i'm pretty sure reddit calls any 2 or more people agreeing on something a circlejerk . i barely heard the word until this fucking website .	yeah definitely a circlejerk

1 : when " lose yourself " won the academy award for best original song , not only was eminem not there to accept the award , he was asleep during	on the topic of eminem , it was announced today that his new album is dropping this year after memorial day . http://www.billboard.com/articles/columns/the-juice/1538589/eminems-next-album-due-post-memorial-day-exclusive

1 carl sagan was not an atheist stating " an atheist is someone who is certain that god does not exist , someone who has compelling evidence against the existence of	http://actok.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/Agnostic+v+Gnostic+v+Atheist+v+Theist.png he was an agnostic atheist .
2 http://i.imgur.com/jqDYB.jpg	i don't understand the concept of " you can't know if god exists " . umm , yes you can , if there was evidence for his existence .
3 i say you're all retarded . how should we expect to have a fruitful conversation on the existence of this " god " character , when we don't even have	which is why people don't tend to take the " god doesn't exist " position .

1 pumpkins , watermelons , avocados , and bananas are all berries while strawberries , raspberries , and blackberries are not	what the fuck is the point of berry classification anyways ? why can't we scientifically redefine a berry to be what we actually think a berry is ?
2 same thing with stonehenge . the word " henge " is named after stonehenge . because the word was redefined later , stonehenge is no longer a henge .	watergate gate .

1 stephen colbert , an avid lord of the rings fan , is set to make a cameo appearance in an upcoming hobbit film	wasn't this already a rumor for the last one that ended up being untrue ?

1 winston churchill once said " you can always count on the americans to do the right thing — after they have tried everything else . "	no he didn't .

1 mountain dew was made to be mixed with whiskey	in case people are going to try this , mt . dew and sun drop were favorite to mix with corn liquor ( better known to most as moonshine )
2 holy shit . this goes perfect with their original logo / mascot .	is your couch comfy ?

1 kryptonite was invented because superman's original voice actor wanted time off , and the only way to do this was to make superman sick .	[ relevant c & h ] ( http://www.explosm.net/comics/3216/ )
2 it's a * fragment * of krypton . it's like poisonous materials here . they're basically saying , " why does radioactive metal hurt people when it's on earth ?	my question has always been ... well , why would you name such deadly material after your own planet ?

1 there have been nine different studies on dare ( drug abuse resistance education ) and all agree that the program does nothing or worsens the problem	yes , but don't let facts get in the way of vote winning ideas .
2 exactly . i was watching one of these presentations , i used to teach , and the instructor actually told the 7th graders that choosing to do drugs could be	that's a pretty reasonable message . not sure what your problem is with it .
3 sorry . taking drugs is never a valid choice .	define valid . define drug . give reasons .

1 in the 2016 olympics , the us will be defending the rugby gold medal	we have a rugby team ?

1 australian cash is made of plastic	in guatemala 1 and 5 quetzales notes are plastic .

1 in " a . i . artificial intelligence " , child actor haley joel osment suggested to steven spielberg that to portray an android well he shouldn't blink . osment	same exact suggestion came from arnold when he was given the role of terminator over oj

1 sean connery was offered a contract to play for manchester united , but turned it down to pursue acting	that's kind of eery ... just yesterday i found out that both rod stewart and vinnie jones ( bullet-tooth tony in * snatch * ) gave up professional football for

1 there is a completely unique english dialect spoken only on tangier island , virginia . it is said to be almost the same as when the island was settled in	i'd love to hear a recording of somebody from tangier speaking . edit : found it . wtf ! ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AIZgw09CG9E
2 it sounds exactly like the [ west country / somerset accent ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XsB90aJ6Jp8&t=0m30s ) .	well , not exactly . there's a definite us twang , and southern us , at that . but yes .

1 it would actually take 5 minutes of inhaling an item soaked in chloroform to render a person unconscious	wow ... i feel stupid . i murdered my chloroform dealer for selling junk product , turns out i was wrong ! * facepalm *

1 the soviets found that sniper duties fit women well , since good snipers are patient , careful , deliberate , can avoid hand-to-hand combat , and need higher levels of	check out company of heroes 2 . russians have women as snipers .

1 when asked about his sex life during an interview , marlon brando said , " like a large number of men , i , too , have had homosexual experiences	dan savage has a pretty good thought on why female bisexuality is seemingly more common than male bisexuality , which is that females can hook up with each other but
2 dominating a dude with your penis in his butt sounds pretty masculine to me .	dominating another dudes penis with your butt is even manlier .

1 prince performed a cover of radiohead's " creep " at coachella , but forced youtube to remove footage that fans had taken of the performance . youtube reinstated the videos	things i don't care about in the internet era : metallica prince

1 today is international caps lock day .	ffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu

1 mr . potato head kits came without a body from 1952 until 1964 , expecting you to provide your own potatoes .	having been a kid in the 60s it seems amazing and tragic to me that anybody just became aware of this . yes , we could actually stick the eyes
2 70 ' s kid here . my gram let us use real potatoes and then cooked them for dinner .	grew up in the 90s . sega was better .
3 yeah , we used to play sega at ny grandma's then she'd cook it for dinner .	new york grandma sounds like fun

1 carl sagan was not an atheist stating " an atheist is someone who is certain that god does not exist , someone who has compelling evidence against the existence of	what an odd definition . an atheist doesn't believe in god , period . check any dictionary . i don't know why he added the " has compelling evidence "

1 the writing staff of futurama held three ph . d . s , seven masters degrees , and cumulatively had more than 50 years at harvard	“ two oil changes for the price of one ! now if i could afford the one , and the car . ” - zoidberg
2 i love how zoidberg is written to be an antistereotypical jewish character . hes a shellfish thats insanley horrible with money .	but his family remained stereotypical . the episode where his uncle was a famous hollywood director was pretty fucking hysterical
3 his uncle was also broke as shit	but , not his rich doctor nephew .

1 avocados are toxic to most if not all animals , humans are the exception	suck it , other animals . suck it .

1 morgan freeman is against black history month	i , too , take all my understanding of social issues from celebrities entrenched in hollywood for over 5 decades .

1 although pancreatic cancer is usually deadly , steve jobs had the one variety that's curable . but for nine months , he refused treatment and instead tried a vegan diet	one more reason to think he was an overrated asshole . thanks !

1 in last 85 years in the us , unemployment has gone up during all republican presidential terms except reagan and gone down during all democrat presidential terms except carter (	obama was somehow responsible for the massive unemployment spike under hoover .

1 the cost of the international space station is funded by the usa 81 % , russia 8 % , europe 3 % , japan 3 % , and canada 1	that's only 96 %
2 illuminati get the last 4 percent	http://imgur.com/n1j1FVJ

1 windows included solitaire in windows to teach people how to drag and drop .	the title is misleading . it was implemented in order to not intimidate the users , but not for the purpose of teaching users to drag and drop .

1 pro basketball player latrell sprewell's career ended when he refused a $ 21 - million three-year contract offer from the timberwolves , which he implied would not be enough to	well , to be honest , he did have 210 000 children . with severe dietary restrictions .
2 if my math is correct , and it is , that would mean it costs $ 100 to feed each child over the course of 3 years . daaamn i	well , he was arguing that he couldnt feed his family with that much .

1 sassafras , the tree that gives us root beer , also contains the oils which produces ecstasy	makes gumbo , it's called file ( pronounced feela )

1 jason lee divorced , and cut off all contact with , his first wife after she read an anti-scientology book	the upside of this post is that if you look in his filmography you find out there's a mallrats 2 happening next year .

1 the pirate bay tried buying their own island in hopes of making their own country with no copyright laws .	they should try basing their shit in nk , give them 10 % and unlimited access .

1 in 1980 saddam hussein recieved the key to the city of detroit . one of only 5 to receive such honors from detroit .	what if the keys to the city are like horcruxes and destroying the person who receives them is like destroying a part of your city ... would explain a lot

1 ellen degeneres was cast as dory in finding nemo when the director , andrew stanton , watched her ' change the subject 5 times before finishing the sentence ' in	* i suffer from short-term memory loss ... no , it's true ! i forget things almost instantly . it runs in my family ! well i mean ... at
2 i honestly wonder if she learned to do this as a defense mechanism while living as a closeted lesbian for the first 40 years of her life . people start	it makes * sense * , but it's more likely that she just has one of those personalities . but your theory is certainly plausible .

1 troy mcclure and lionel hutz were both retired from the simpsons after their voice actor , phil hartman , was murdered . philip j . fry was named in his	when doris grau died in 1995 they retired her character ( lunchlady doris ) too . then they recast her in 2006 . not very classy .
2 11 years man , 11 years . i think that is long enough .	it was just pretty unnecessary i thought . the show could get on fine ( and did for 11 years ) without the character , especially considering it was written

1 alexander the great expressed in his last will and testament the desire to see " transplant of populations from asia to europe and in the opposite direction from europe to	gotta give the guy props , he was way ahead of his time !

1 in 1984 , british comedian tommy cooper had a heart attack and died on live television . the audience all assumed it was part of his act and laughed /	i was watching it on tv as it happened . its how he would have wanted to go .
2 oh wow . did you think it was part of the act too ? i've only just discovered him . he has a really interesting sense of humor that seems	my mother was watching as well when it happened . she was sure for the first moment it was part of the act . then , along with everyone else

1 on christmas eve / day an unofficial temporary truce was called on the east front between german and british soldiers . they exchanged gifts , carols and even played football	* adolf hitler , then a young corporal of the 16th bavarian reserve infantry , was also an opponent of the truce . * a prick in both world wars
2 yup its true h hated christmas	the hitler that stole christmas .

1 as a child , george r . r . martin ( author of a song of ice and fire ) would write stories about a kingdom inhabited by his pet	in the foreword to one of his short story anthologies , he mentions how he used to get in trouble when he was a kid for selling scary stories to
2 his turtles are actually partly the inspiration for one of his awesome novelettes , called [ sandkings ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sandkings_%28novelette%29 ) , which won both hugo and nebula awards .	was that the same story that got made into an outer limits episode ? i had no idea that was martin
3 that's the one ! [ wikipedia for more info . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Sandkings )	i recall a stargate : atlantis episode that was a lot like this . seems to have inspired a lot of shows .

1 jason lee divorced , and cut off all contact with , his first wife after she read an anti-scientology book	the suppressive person thing is not that different from how aa sees anyone who questions the aa program . they just don't insist on immediate cutoff .

1 63 % of arab americans are christian	good job guys ! you figured out the difference between nationality and religion . (:

1 the green bay packers have sold out every game since 1960 and there are 86000 people on the waiting list	my father-in-law is a wisconsinite . his family has sent a ton of baby clothes - all packers related - to me for my daughter . so [ here's ]
2 i had that football when i was like 8 , in canada ! you packers are spreading north	my dad's best friend growing up calls us every year asking if he can buy some packer tickets from us . :)

1 sanitarium pays no company tax in new zealand	the girl guides don't pay any tax on those bloody biscuits either the cunts .

1 : in 2011 drug cartel kidnapped hundreds of innocent bus passengers in mexico and made them fight to death like gladiators . the winners were sent on suicide missions	they caught the guy in charge just a couple weeks ago . this stuff is far from over
2 they should have shot him on the spot . fair trials are nice when your country isn't a mess .	i am the law !

1 the murder rate in the us is higher than in turkmenistan , afghanistan and somalia , and that louisiana's is higher than uganda's .	it's an enlightening statistic , but do you really think they are counting accurately in somalia ? somalia doesn't even have a government .
2 i take your point , but the figures are the un's and are produced from a variety of sources , including who and other data .	even with the un and who reporting , in countries like turkmenistan , afghanistan , somalia etc . there is no way the data is as reliable as the data

1 the longest ever recorded sniper kill was shot from 2,475 meters or 1.54 miles away by british coh craig harrison . the bullet took over 6 seconds to reach its	i thought a canadian held the record .

1 oskar schindler , who saved over 1100 jews in wwii by employing them , spent all his fortune on bribes and black market purchases for his workers . after the	honestly , did you not know about him before today ? or what ? i find this incredibly hard to not know .
2 i'm pretty sure he's just learned that schindler never regained his fortune and had to live off a pension .	seems like the 1100 that he saved could have kicked in a deutsche mark or two each month to help him out .
3 they did , my girlfriends grandparents put him up for some time in the 60s and 70s in the bronx when he was penniless .	this needs to be an ama . reddit hivemind , go !

1 tom waits has never allowed his music to be used in commercials and has taken several companies to court for doing so without his consent .	i didn't think i could possibly have more love for tom waits , but i was wrong .
2 i loved bone machine , where should i go from there ?	if you like the dark / avant-garde side of tom waits check out the black rider . it's a collaboration with william s . burroughs and imo has some of

1 on a 1995 visit to washington , the then-president of russia boris yeltsin was found on pennsylvania avenue , drunk , in his underwear and trying to hail a cab	all of us in washington state would appreciate if the rest of the world would clarify they are talking about the capitol by adding the " , dc " that

1 in 2004 a texas man was put to death for killing his family in an arson attack . the jailhouse snitch has admitted he lied , and top scientists /	" we'd rather kill a thousand innocent men than let one guilty man spend life in prison . " - texas state motto

1 a woman named chante mallard hit a homeless man with her car , sending him through her windshield . she drove home , parked her car in her garage &	what the actual fuck ?
2 [ wanna see something even more fucked up ? ] ( http://www.emigennis.com/the-unusual-death-of-gregory-biggs/ )	this could easily be made into a movie

1 a roman dictator , cincinnatus , was made a dictator while he was plowing his fields . after saving rome from rival tribes , he humbly returned to his farm	wait , i thought that cincinnatus was a myth ; a symbol of ideal government to the roman people

1 the dog that played toto in the wizard of oz was paid a salary that was higher than the actors who played the munchkins	makes sense . it's probably harder to train the dog for his part than the munchkins for theirs .

1 a 1000mw coal power plant puts 100x more radiation into the atmosphere than a nuclear power plant	nuclear is definately cleaner but can be much dirtier if something goes wrong
2 because old reactors are neglected and human ignorance prevents the construction of new ones . new reactors as as safe as a baby rattle .	> because old reactors are neglected and human ignorance prevents the construction of new ones . new reactors as as safe as a baby rattle . that's an argument proposed
3 fukushima ? the thirty + year old reactor ?	commissioned in 1971 , so 43 years old .

1 in ancient sparta boys were punished for not answering questions briefly and wittily enough	brevity is key man .

1 the comedy film my cousin vinny is often praised by lawyers due to its accurate depiction of courtroom procedure , something very rare in films which portray trials . it	as a lawyer , i can tell you everyone's secret dream is his opening statement " everything that guy just said is bullshit . thank you . " # [
2 my wife told me that when she was in law school they were told to watch two movies : the paper chase and my cousin vinny .	i'm not saying paper chase scared me off from going to law school , but it certainly changed my perspective of it . great film .

1 troy aikman can't remember winning one of his super bowls , due to the amount of concussions received during his career .	shit , that's tragic . kinda like i heard that stephen tyler can't hit the high notes of " dream on " anymore . :(

1 the simpsons episode where bart gets an elephant was based on a real price is right incident in 1956	this isn't really on topic but , look at [ bill cullen ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/7/79/BillCullen.jpg ) . now , look at [ drew carey ] ( http://cdn01.cdnwp.celebuzz.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/12/27/drew-carey.jpg ) . o_o
2 interesting . i would argue though that you could have used a more recent picture , since he looks even more like cullen now that he's lost so much weight	yeah , but i think his older style glasses match better , that's why i choose that pic .

1 nikola tesla invented a controlled method of wireless power by 1891 , three years after the existence of electromagnetic waves was proved .	so why the hell can't i wirelessly charge my ipad ?
2 j . p morgan .	ha you know i really can't tell if you're joking . what do you mean ?

1 the novelist stephen king said that professor umbridge from the harry potter series is the " greatest make-believe villain to come along since hannibal lecter . "	i hated her way more than voldemort .
2 it's just that she represents blind obedience and a love of institution and order , which is a much more realistic fear in our lives than a guy who wants	she represents blind obedience and a love of institution and order , but only when she's setting the rules and commanding the institution .
3 basically just like the republicans .	* * so brave * *

1 chloroform isn't good for kidnapping - it takes at least five minutes of inhaling an item soaked in chloroform to render a person unconscious	chloroform is ... thud .

1 cosmic microwave background ( thermal radiation left over from the big bang ) suggests that millions of years after the big bang , the entire universe was room temperature .	i would give you " * the entire universe averaged room temperature * " , but to assume all matter in the universe was reasonably the same temperature seems rather

1 the national animal of scotland is the unicorn	i was told this a month ago by a guy from scotland and i just had to google it myself . * ( he wasn't lying )

1 a 16 - year-old xhosa girl had a vision that to defeat the british soldiers the tribe should kill all the cattle and destroy the crops . tens of thousands	i wonder how many christians read this and responded with a heartily ' pah .. why do people fall for such stooopid things lol '

1 actor cillian murphy converted to atheism after researching his role as a nuclear physicist in the sci-fi film " sunshine "	commence furious reddit circlejerking .

1 bet ( black entertainment television ) refused to play a music video because it was " too intelligent " for their audience	& #3232 ;\ _ & #3232 ; as a half black man , i will say this ... fuck bet , fuck bet , fuck bet ! ! ! all
2 same here - - black , german , and cherokee , and 100 % annoyed with the tripe they sell us as " urban culture " . there's an entire	i'm black , jewish , and cherokee and i agree .

1 bob marley died from a cancer that had a 90 % survival rate , because his religious beliefs would not allow him to have traditional medical treatment ( surgery )	just venting : damn alternative medicine ! i miss bob marley . damn superstition and pseudoscience . how many must die ? ( you know want they call alternative medicine

1 : members of the band " good charlotte " protested against kfc's treatment of chickens . then in 2012 and 2013 appeared in a number of kfc commercials in australia	and that ladies and gentlemen is how you sell out

1 flammable and inflammable both mean the same thing .	boy , i learned * that * one the hard way !

1 some people can " flex " muscles in their inner ears to produce a low rumbling sound	i'd like to see someone check in here who cannot do this .

1 kyoto was originally at the top of the atomic bomb target list during ww2 , but was personally removed by u . s . secretary of war henry l .	nagasaki was a last minute descion due to bad weather elsewhere .
2 poor visibility over kokura , both were untouched military targets ( factories , weapons caches and soldiers ) but they went for nagasaki instead because they couldn't see the target	i wonder what would've changed n history if they had gotten the wrong target . as in , dropped the nuke on a deserted place or in the sea side

1 members of the church of satan do not worship or believe in satan , and their high priest said " anybody who believes in supernatural entities on some level is	all hail the make believe !

1 republicans are statistically more educated than democrats .	whatever . as we saw from 2001-2009 with the resident of the white house , being educated does not make you smart .
2 i'd say if you have a choice whether to be charismatic of smart , choose charismatic . you can become president and surround yourself with what you consider smart .	" charisma , * wheee ! ! * "

1 band-aids emit a blue flash of light when pulled apart - visible to the human eye when you do it in the dark !	my boyfriend discovered this as he wakes up at 4am for work and gets ready in the dark so he doesn't wake me up . needless to say , we
2 just so you know , you can use tape for it too , and im sure its significantly cheaper than bandaids . also , i dont have the link ,	envelopes too . i always open my post in the dark - much to my missus ' frustration .

1 only 24 % of arab americans are muslim .	people don't know who lebanese people are .
2 lebanese christians make up half of their country , but i don't really think its them . rather , it's the iranians , assyrians and christian palestinians displaced by the	a huge number of iraqi christians ( somewhere upwards of a million , i believe ) have had to flee the country since 2003 .

1 executive fred thorlin , who while working with bill gates introduced a game to him , beat bill 35 out of 37 times . when they met again a month	i knew a woman who's ex husband was or maybe still is bill gates personal bridge coach bill gates loves bridge

1 during a pledge drive , a dj at a portland , or radio station promised that the station would never play " stairway to heaven " again if someone made	[ no stairway ... denied . ] ( http://img.pandawhale.com/94144-no-stairway-to-heaven-denied-g-okxD.gif )
2 nice job . about as relevant as a gif gets [ ! ] ( http://giant.gfycat.com/ReadyMammothGuineapig.gif )	yes it's very impressive that he found such a gif involving such an obscure reference that everyone on he planet over 30 remembers .
3 get off my lawn !	/ waves cane in threatening manner

1 us congressmen and congresswomen earn $ 174,000 to $ 223,500 a year , have a guaranteed cost-of-living-adjustment , can trade stocks based on the information they get from public office	they live as we do , they should not govern us .
2 well , helping to run the country is not easy , i think that they're paid fairly . a lot of them probably have lived like you , but you	you raise a valid point in that many of them have to pay for two residencies ( one in dc with the area's high cost of living ) . however

1 i learned a 17yo killed 4 people and injured 11 while drunk driving . the judge didn't send him to jail because he " was unable to understand the consequences	the judge should spend the time in his place

1 the three deadliest serial killers ever were all colombian .	relevant username .
2 i want to ask why , and i don't want to know ...	leavenworth . you know ... leavenworth .

1 when louis rèard introduced the bikini in france in 1946 , no models were willing to wear such revealing swimwear , so rèard had to hire a stripper to model	give this man a medal .

1 in the mid - 1800s france gave out a crucial patent in photography for free as a gift to the world ... except for britain . they had to pay	i don't get it . why wouldn't britain just say " fuck you and fuck your shit " after obtaining the information from any country in the entire world ?
2 > it's like trying to sell air . well , no . it's a patent concerning a technical invention . it has nothing to do with " selling air "	but ... if they're already fighting the brits probably aren't going to care about being on france's good side / abiding by the law ... so yes it actually is

1 the leader of the church of scientology's wife disappeared in 2006 and hasn't been located since .	what's really fucked up is how all this will be talked about in 50 years when it all implodes . scientology is an embarrassment that this cult is so huge

1 lucy , the mean football yanking skank from ' peanuts ' was based on charles schultz's first wife , who was a relenteless hosebeast who constantly pushed him to make	i never understood why those comics were so popular .

1 gotham had long been a well-known nickname for new york city . also batman comics are gothic .	hrmm ... i always thought it was supposed to be chicago .
2 nah i think metropolis is suppose to be chicago , hence the corn field farms where superman grew up in .	i just always associated that whole mob thing with chicago . it has more of a dark undercurrent than what i associate with nyc as well . metropolis makes sense

1 the man third in succession for the presidency of the united states once pried a live grenade from his arm after it had been blown off and then continued to	his son sang for marginal man if you like punk .
2 i thought he played guitar .	he did . one of the best dc hardcore bands .

1 speedy gonzales was banned by cartoon network for being an offensive stereotype , only to be returned after mass protest by the hispanic-american community .	and , groundskeeper willie is widely loved in scotland despite being portrayed as a violent alcoholic .
2 i wonder if germans like that fat gunther kid .	i can tell you from living in a us german community , the answer to that and the mcbain character is nein !

1 the number 42 was the random seed chosen to generate the universe in eve online	by the point , eve online is like my favorite mmo because of it's depth and maturity . nevermind these childish wow-clones . is there a better game ? i'd
2 i like eve for the " freedom " they offer you want to steal , kill and scam your way to the top ? go for it	i remember a story about a guy who ran a bank in eve that at one point , had a worth over $ 250k of real money . he decided

1 a florida deputy told a quadriplegic to stand up , and when he responded that he was unable to do so , she dumped him out of his wheelchair .	i would sue the fuck out of her and florida .
2 of course you would . you're the typical entitled dipshit who thinks a lawsuit solves everything .	lawsuits are the only option when dealing with grievances from larger groups that otherwise are too large to care . that lawsuit is your voice . we're sue happy because

1 world hunger is about social inequality , not of food production . we can already feed 12 billion .	the usa could grow , distribute and feed the world . there is not enough profit in food distribution .

1 blue moon beer is made by millercoors , but miller coors doesn't seem to want anyone to know that	they're afraid to let bubba know they know how to make real beer too !

1 since ronald reagan , each outgoing united states president has left a private message on the oval office desk for the incoming president on inauguration day .	so reagan , then three other guys ?
2 maybe the two termers also left messages for themselves ...	bill clinton : " remember , fat chicks give better head . "

1 ben johnson , former 100m world record holder later found guilty of doping , was unable to outsprint a thief who stole his wallet in rome	is anyone else thoroughly depressed after reading the full bio ?

1 it is illegal for the french state to collect data on ethnicity and race	brilliant idea ! ! thats true equality !

1 wow had a " plague " that resembled a real life epidemic so much that it became the focus of a study	i remember this , and of course getting the living bomb from mc and blowing it up in the ah . ahh the good old days .

1 a man who gave away his fortune to charity also donated a kidney to a stranger , noting that the chances of dying as a result of the procedure were	i have book marked the national kidney registry , going to look into donating one of mine when i am able to take the time to recuperate .

1 in 1986 the red hot chili peppers were budgeted $ 5000 by emi music to make a demo tape and set aside $ 2000 to spend on heroine and cocaine	rock n roll

1 a right whale's testicle can weigh up to 500kg . the largest of any animal .	obviously they haven't met me

1 german interrogator hanns scharff was against using physical torture on pows . he would instead take them out to lunch , on nature walks and to swimming pools , where	anyone have dick cheney or don rumsfeld's e-mail addresses ? i'd like to forward that wikipedia article to them .

1 the " aluminium zirconium tetrachlorohydrex gly " in deodorant causes yellow pit-stains . deodorant without it does not stain .	all's i wish is that they'd come up with an effective antiperspirant that not only doesn't wreck shirts , but doesn't leave me with a weird , sticky-slippery feeling under
2 i switched either the arm and hammer brand specifically without aluminum , or the tom's brand . they both work great for me , and i no longer have to	thanks for the input . might try the arm & hammer . bay rum is nice stuff , too , though i think i sweat too much pitwise for talc

1 a 1000mw coal power plant puts 100x more radiation into the atmosphere than a nuclear power plant	a moldy banana puts more radiation into the atmosphere than a nuclear power plant .

1 in japan , trains are so punctual that any delay over 5 minutes usually incurs an apology over the tanoy and a " delay certificate " for passengers on their	yeah , i watch top gear too .

1 the original playboy bunnies were required to be able to identify 143 brands of liquor and how to make 20 different cocktails as part of their job requirements .	whats the name of the girl in the middle ?

1 at the premiere of beethoven's 9th , police had to break up the applause , as the amount he was receiving was considered inappropriate for a private citizen	favorite ludwig quote : when schuppanzigh ( a violinist , friend and teacher of beethoven , and leader of count razumovsky's private string quartet ) complained to beethoven about a
2 my favorite : " what i shit is better than what you think . " - beethoven , to a critic	" be like water my friend " - beethoven

1 after watching star wars for the first time in 1977 , james cameron quit his job as a truck driver to enter the film industry .	i want to quit my job and enter the film industry too . how do i enter ? where is the entrance ?

1 there have been nine different studies on dare ( drug abuse resistance education ) and all agree that the program does nothing or worsens the problem	seriously .. i was a kid and went through this program but i considered it bullshit at the time . but everyday i wonder if its possible some individual who
2 this is the sole reasonable argument for it being a so called gateway drug . because they made it into one by lying about it's effects and inciting further curiosity	there are very few people who skipped over drinking and nicotine , smoked weed and then moved on to harder drugs . if you're going to call weed a gateway
3 did shrooms at 14 , 2 years before i first drank and smoked , haven't smoked weed	so shrooms are a gateway drug to booze and nicotine , interesting .

1 when a factory worker from wonka was asked about the production of nerds candy , he said " basically we start off with a sugar crystal and we just keep	i'd be disappointed if nerds weren't essentially gigantic balls of sugar .
2 well they're not exactly gigantic .	clearly they can be improved then .

1 colombian drug trafficker carlos lehder bought himself an island in the bahamas where he put an airstrip which controlled the drugs coming in from south america and entering the us	far cry 3 much ?

1 one of frank abagnale's ( catch me if you can ) first cons was to buy a security guard costume , and place a sign over a bank drop box	i wish i could have lived even a quarter of the life this dude has .

1 elton from love and monsters was supposed to be the tenth doctor's companion in series 4	wonder if the overall negative reception to love and monsters also helped contribute to him not getting the part ?
2 i kinda liked the episode	really ? even the fat bastard rip off alien and the creepy face tile fuck comment ? sorry i just personally think that that is the worst episode of the
3 while the absorbaloff was a bit cheesy ( keep in mind , it was created by a kid for a contest ) , i would have to disagree about love	i wasn't aware that a kid created it . that makes alot more sense , but still doesn't change my opinion of the episode .

1 adultery is still a criminal offense in 21 states , and considered a felony in 5	interesting map image with legend " who adultery statues penalized as of 1996 . " delaware is the only blue-colored state , but it says " law applies only to

1 whoopi goldberg choose her stage name , not just as a reference to a whoopee cushion , but also because her mother thought " goldberg " was jewish-sounding enough to	whoopi goldberg isn't her real name . edit : i'm totally being serious . i genuinely thought that was her real name .
2 you'd be surprised at how many well known hollywood actors don't use their real name . e . g . tom cruise was born mustafa jamalawala	charlie sheen = carlos estevez

1 cracker barrel got in trouble for segregation ... in 2004	is this about the time they tried to open a sister chain called " nigger boat " ?

1 after hurricane ike in 2008 , comcast customers were billed for unreturned equipment that had been destroyed by the hurricane . customers were charged as much as $ 1000 for	i lost my home to a fire amd was charged for comcast equipment . i guess storm victims get the same treatment , while its cold .. it's business .

1 it is legal to discriminate based on sexual orientation in tennessee ( and some other states )	[ this map shows you laws by state for discrimination based on sexual orientation ] ( http://www.aclu.org/maps/non-discrimination-laws-state-state-information-map ) there's no federal law and the majority of states don't have a
2 very true . why did op choose to single out tennessee ? at least nashville tried to pass something ( according to op's link ) , even if it was	as a tennessean , i just assume at this point it's yet another case of singling out the state and saying " look at tennessee and how backwards it is

1 giraffes have been called " especially gay " for often engaging in homosexual behavior more than heterosexual sex	i laughed at that title longer than i have laughed in a long time

1 steed malbranque retires from football at 31 to take care of his son who has been diagnosed with cancer .	http://soccernet.espn.go.com/news/story/_/id/953079/steed-malbranque%27s-%27ill-son%27-does-not-exist?cc=5901 it says there in an official statement that he does not even have a son .

1 dr pepper is bottled by both coca-cola and pepsi , depending on location .	the * bottlers * and the product companies are separate . note that the [ coca cola bottling company ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coca-Cola_Bottling_Co._Consolidated ) is not the same thing as coca-cola

1 : j . k . rowling lost her billionaire status because she donated so much of her money to charity .	no she's only a multi-hundred millionaire ! :'(

1 there was a planned superman film called " superman lives " , dealing with the death and resurrection of superman , in which the man of steel would be played	the people of / r / onetruegod will probably find this interesting .

1 time magazine named stalin person of the year , twice . it's estimated he caused the death of 3 to 60 million people by execution , starvation , and genocide	also , mao tse tung , and ghandi was an asshole .
2 ~ ~ ghandi ~ ~ gandhi	the nigga with a towel for clothes .

1 jamaican dance hall artist buju banton had a hit song in 1992 called " boom bye bye " , about violently murdering homosexuals and which advocated the shooting of gay	i thought a batty boy was about the pedophiles that would come into jamaica and molest / rape the little boys

1 emma stone's low-pitched husky voice is a result of having baby colic , a condition of constant screaming as an infant .	i like her voice .
2 because she's pretty	i hate lots of pretty people's voices . most popular singers in fact .

1 it's possible for circumcised males to non-surgically restore their foreskin by tugging on it , causing the body to generate new skin cells	you can't restore foreskin nerves , which is the only thing that matters . pulling skin down only makes you have dangly skin , not all the nerves that were
2 my foreskin is far from sensitive . it's more the protection it affords the glans . i've also heard it helps with keeping lubricated during sex . edit : unless	let's just say .. it varies a lot . god it feels good .

1 vin diesel's highest rated film is the iron giant , where he voiced the title character .	indeed , limiting vin to grunts and monosyllables really does tend to bring out the best in his acting .
2 why don't you have more upvotes ?	apparently , a lot of people consider vin the olivier of his time .

1 during wwi , the belgian king personally led the army , the queen served as a nurse , and the 14 year old prince enlisted as a private and fought	if i was president i would do everything to prevent a war i wouldn't fight in , and if it came to it , i would fight beside our troops

1 in the 1600 ' s london was plagued by an attacker who would grab unaccompanied women , lift their dress , smack their bare bottoms and yell " spanko !	that's the sort of history you usually don't expect to last 400 years after the fact .
2 i wonder if they'll be reading tils about 4chan in 400 years	" til of a man known only as op who was widely regarded as the king of all the homosexual people at the start of the 21st century . "
3 it was said that op could fit 12 dicks in his mouth and still whistle holy diver .	* duh nun * between the velvet liiiiips . * duh nun * there's twelve dicks as hard as steeeeeeel yeahhheahhh .

1 china has a law that requires every citizen over the age of 11 to plant at least one tree per year . as a result , china currently has the	are they native species of trees that are being planted ?

1 liberal , mo was founded as an atheist utopia in 1880 . sunday evenings at the town hall had lectures from scientist , philosophers , and even christian ministers /	atheist utopia , allowing christian ministers now , imagine : christian utopia , allowing atheist ministers
2 my parents church hosts one month a year where they have an athiest , a rabbi , an imam and a catholic ( the church is baptist ) speak on	who the fuck is that atheist ?

1 communists doubled life expectancy in russia ( 32 years before the revolution , 68 after stalin's death )	does this take into account the multiple advances in medicine and technology from the 1920s to the 1950s ?
2 white male in usa had life expectancy of 56 years if born in 1919 and 67 years if born in 1959 . i'll make it easier for you to grasp	there's no room for facts in an american discussion of communism .

1 peanut butter is both a solid and a liquid . it's a quasi-solid .	i prefer wendy's term for quasi-solids : soquid .

1 when legendary african king shaka zulu's mother died , he ordered no crops could be planted for the year , pregnant women were to be killed , no milk was	what the actual fuck ... what a piece of shit .

1 milhouse got his name because it was the most " unfortunate name matt groening could think of for a kid "	thrillho
2 * * below i'm being downvoted * * for sharing an opinion about the relationship between family guy and the simpsons if you think seth is a genius back me	i think we found amir's reddit account everyone . upvote this man to karma heaven !

1 jackie chan is a trained opera singer and has released 20 albums	chinese opera ? ? that's awesome . i believe the peking opera school is huge . somebody tell me if that's true . it's a vague memory from some documentary

1 u . s . president andrew jackson once held an open house party at the white house at which he served a 1,400- pound ( 640 kg ) block of	i just watched boxtrolls !

1 there is a mysterious dwarf planet between mars and jupiter called ' ceres ' which has never been visited by spacecraft or photographed in detail , however , earth-bound telescopes	i'm pretty sure there are 5 dwarf planets in our solar system , though pluto and ceres are the only 2 i can think of off the top of my
2 i like to think of ceres as the buckle of the asteroid belt and pluto is the buckle of the kuiper belt . the other three are the extra holes	eris is in the scattered disc , not the kuiper belt .

1 boxer wladimir klitshko auctioned his olympic gold medal to raise money for underprivileged ukranian children . he raised $ 1,000 , 000 . the buyer immediately returned the medal to	слава україні

1 london and new york are the worlds only alpha + + cities , meaning they exert a massive influence across the world both culturally and economically that is felt everywhere	economically i can sort of understand how to calculate that , but ' culturally ' ? by itself that word is totally ambiguous , so to try and take it

1 joseph stalin's son yakov , shot himself because of stalin's harshness toward him , but survived . afterwards , stalin said " he can't even shoot straight "	or grow a fantastic moustache . http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/52/Yakov_Dzhugashvili.jpg/220px-Yakov_Dzhugashvili.jpg
2 joseph looked [ so much better ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-pkAPmlWpkJ4/UEWS7ygd5GI/AAAAAAAAA20/oz5-AGy-cg4/s1600/Stalin1902.jpeg ) than that when he was young .	regardless of if it's him or not , how does one style their hair like that ? i can't really imagine how it's cut before being pushed back .
3 http://www.mikechurch.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/08/dapper_dan-300x300.jpg	i don't carry dapper dan , i carry fop .

1 tina turner is no longer an american citizen . she has passed a german language test and swiss history test and is exclusively a swiss citizen after giving up her	what's citizenship got to do , got to do with it ?
2 american citizens have to pay income taxes to america . even if you've lived in another country for 20 years , do no business in america , make no money	we don't need another tax cheat

1 syphilis been called the french disease in italy , poland , and germany and the " italian disease " in france . the dutch called it the " spanish disease	actually in turkish it is also called the french disease .

1 male giraffes have sex with other males more frequently than they have sex with female giraffes .	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YaG5SAw1n0c&feature=kp

1 if actor randy quaid steps foot on american soil again , he will be arrested and prosecuted .	here is randy talking about it this year . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uqjlGwl51eQ
2 tl ;d r he thinks the illuminati are wacking celebs and are after him . / r / conspiratard worthy . ( fixed link )	dave chapelle gives an interview and he seems to say somethings not right in hollywood .

1 during a pledge drive , a dj at a portland , or radio station promised that the station would never play " stairway to heaven " again if someone made	[ no stairway ... denied . ] ( http://img.pandawhale.com/94144-no-stairway-to-heaven-denied-g-okxD.gif )
2 it bugs me that on the home release he isn't playing stairway at any point .	must've been some copyright issue .
3 i didn't know you could copyright a chord	depends how much money you have . i'm sure with enough money you can copyright a single note .

1 australian serial killer ivan milat lost 25kg from a failed hunger strike in prison when he was denied a playstation	he was a really nice guy when i met him in lockup .. very educated .

1 bengals , lions and chiefs have not won a playoff game in 20 years .	damn , i've got to quit giving my dad shit for being a chiefs fan . i should probably call him to see how he's holding up .

1 if momma did ' buy me a mockingbird ' she would be violating the migratory bird treaty act of 1918 , and would be subject to a fine of up	fuck mockingbirds . bunch of assholes dive bombing anything that has legs . oh shit are you walking like 100 feet under the tree i'm perched at the top of

1 tickling was a form of torture used in ancient china on nobility because it left no mark and recovery was quick .	is it weird that i repeated ' tickle torture ' 4 times outloud ?

1 when eminem heard ice ice baby for the first time , he " felt like he didn't want to rap anymore . "	> " ice ice baby " continues to be the song that van winkle is best known for internationally , although van winkle states that his american fans like his
2 american " fans " . something tells me if you are currently a fan of robert van winkle it's because you prefer his new music ...	yeah , like they really asked * both * of them .

1 jedward are representing ireland in the eurovision	i don't know , that sounds pretty amazing . it doesn't really matter who we send , it's impossible to predict what people will like . some absolutely ridiculous songs
2 > it's impossible to predict what people will like there was a time ( back when we were impoverished ) that we used to get it right all the time	if your looking for great music and culture , its not going to rear its head first in the eurovision

1 contrary to popular belief , most people who are bitten by black widow spiders suffer no serious damage , let alone death .	just because great whites rarely eat people , doesn't mean i'm going to go sticking my thumb up one's butt anytime soon
2 dogs have been known to viciously rip humans apart , does that stop you from petting them ?	for certain breeds not on a leash and whose owners you don't know ? what idiot would ?

1 george smoot , nobel prize winning astrophysicist , was the only man to win the million dollars on ' are you smarter than a fifth grader ? '	the only thing that show that proved was that most of the things we teach our kids is useless information .

1 in the us , drying laundry on a line is seen as a sign of poverty rather than common sense	it's because we're rich .

1 robin williams attended juilliard but dropped out his junior year because his teacher , a renowned actor / producer , told him that there was nothing that he could learn	i still miss him :(

1 castration prevents male pattern baldness if it is done before hair is lost	keep my hair by sniping my balls , that's not a fair trade off !
2 no one said anything about firearms .	whatever . take the shot , 13 !
3 there ! i took the fucking shot ! she ’ s dead , there ’ s blood everywhere !	damnit . you just shot james bond .

1 steve jobs was effectively paid $ 5,000 to create the game breakout , and instead gave steve wozniak $ 375 to do it and kept the rest .	" the original deadline was met after wozniak did not sleep for four days straight . " so woz worked his ass off to meet the deadline ( which wasn't
2 how many ceo's got rich by being nice decent people ?	costco's ceo . forgot his name . we never remember the nice guys .

1 samuel jackson is the actor with the highest grossing film total of all time .	he was originally studying to be a marine biologist . was he the technical consultant on deep blue sea ?
2 ' they ate me ! a fuckin shark ate me ' !	drink , bitch !
3 it'all get ya drunk	you'll be fuckin fat chicks in no time

1 after jfk was assassinated , there was a brief scuffle between local and federal authorities when the president's security detail wasn't allowed to remove his body from the hospital .	it is widely beleved the secret service was in on his assassination . check out the book high treason . it mentions how the secret service broke all kinds of
2 you can't really use that as evidence of causation , though . was the secret service intentionally breaking protocol to allow this to happen , or was it able to	and how many times did they break protocol before this ? hell they fucked up with the guy who hopped the fence and got into the white house this year

1 actor cillian murphy converted to atheism after researching his role as a nuclear physicist in the sci-fi film " sunshine "	one does not convert to atheism .

1 sassafras , the tree that gives us root beer , also contains the oils which produces ecstasy	also ... sassafras is used to produce sassafras ( mda ) . if you've taken it , you'll know - it fucks you up proper , and for a long

1 coca-cola thinks " no consumer could reasonably be misled into thinking vitaminwater was a healthy beverage "	i've never seen a bottle of that crap in my life , but i thought that there wouldn't be any sugar in it . it's called * water * ffs

1 ass milk is closest to breast milk	this made me think of one of the first rule 34 videos i discovered in the early days of the internet . lol

1 the futurama episode " jurassic bark " was nominated for a primetime emmy for " outstanding animated program " and lost ... to an episode of the simpsons .	seymour looks just like my dog and much like her he would wait too :(

1 this past season , tannehill broke marino's franchise record for completions in a season	starting to think tannehill will end up a better qb than stafford :/
2 good god . a lot of lions fans in this sub have really soured on stafford after this season .	jesus , i know . it's fairly common when talking with casual fans irl , just like casual cowboys fans with romo , but i expect more here .

1 nick offerman ( ron swanson ) from parks and recreation is actually a skilled carpenter with his own workshop . he's also married to the actor portraying his ex-wife on	" i think it's fascinating that i receive attention for what people perceive to be a level of manliness or machismo , when amongst my family of farmers and paramedics

1 : there is a scientology drug rehab program called " narconon " . it uses saunas , vitamins , minerals and oils to tackle the effects of drug addiction but	my friend has been . i could get him to do an ama if anyone was interested ? the one he went to had several deaths a few years after

1 disney was sued by hyena researches for defamation of character because of their negative portrayal of hyenas in the lion king .	hakuna matata , bro .

1 : dave chapelle was offered the role of bubba in forrest gump , but turned it down believing the film would be unsuccessful	i heard it was because he thought the character was racist

1 nba hall of famer patrick ewing frequently faced racist chants while he played in college . in one game after an orange was thrown at him , the opposing coach	i saw patrick euwing when i was on vacation in hawaii . i was 10 years old . i recognized him and was star struck at the time . i
2 you lost respect for ewing because his body guard didn't let you approach him ... ?	yeah , as a 10 year old female , i wasn't exactly a threat ...
3 that's hardly the point .	ok , we disagree , no prob

1 in some australian states 100 or more hours of logged driving experience is required to obtain a provisional driver's license	illinois is 50 but i'm under the impression it was ok for your parent to sign that it was done without your log being written .

1 there was an all girl band that would throw a ' golden condom ' to the audience , and whoever got it , male or female , was taken backstage	you know she's messed up , she still has an aol email account

1 al queda's strategy involved specifically using terrorism to provoke the west into long wars in numerous places that would lead to its financial collapse .	... the fact that you people believe this frightens me .

1 smoking makes breasts sag faster than normal by breaking down a protein in the skin called elastin , which gives youthful skin its elastic appearance and supports the breast .	today i quit smoking edit : update , i have kept the promise
2 or you can keep smoking and get a boob job .	and still get cancer

1 there is a completely unique english dialect spoken only on tangier island , virginia . it is said to be almost the same as when the island was settled in	it's like a newfie / western hybrid .

1 when yao ming played his first game in miami , the heat promoted the game by passing out 8,000 fortune cookies . yao wasn't offended because he had never seen	and yao assumed right .
2 in 1989 , fortune cookies were reportedly imported into hong kong and sold as " genuine american fortune cookies "	in the 1990s , wonton food , an american company [ tried to make ] ( http://www.snopes.com/food/origins/fortune.asp ) fortune cookies in china , but they didn't sell . " it
3 why will you eat a overly sweet , disgusting " cookie " when you are in the land where you can eat some of the tastiest food in the world	" fortune cookie " " sweet " uh , no ?

1 president lyndon b . johnson owned an amphibious car and would scare his guests by driving into a lake , screaming about brake failure .	not nearly as good as jeremy clarkson's toyboata !

1 misogyny is a central tenet of islam	that's like saying slavery is a central tenet of christianity

1 coffee loses caffeine as it roasted , so a dark , " bold " cup of coffee actually has less caffeine than a lighter roast .	1.37 % vs 1.31 % doesn't really seem like a big difference , does it ?
2 i'm a big-time coffee drinker and i can tell a massive difference in a light / medium roast as compared to a dark roast with respect to the effects of	personally , i would rather have the darker roast . if i really need the boost , i'll drink a second cup .

1 a soviet nkvd executioner personally killed 7000 polish officers over a 28 day period with a pistol , working 10 hours per night and averaging a person every three minutes	hmmm ... so what kind of pistol did he use and did he need to change pistols during ?
2 ... german walther model 2 . 25 acp pistol . [ 13 ] [ 14 ] [ 15 ] he had brought a briefcase full of his own walther pistols	you're amazing , thank you .

1 under ceo carly fiorina , hp sold over $ 120 million in computers and printers to iran despite us sanction policy , through a foreign subsidiary	all those computers are currently being used to develop a nuclear bomb , i'm sure .

1 the giver is going to be made into a movie ( supposedly starring dustin hoffman )	not to mention jeff fucking bridges .

1 there was a man , mansa musa , the wealthiest person in history , who spent so much gold personally in egypt that he devalued gold and destroyed the country's	king , not man . the mandinka empire was extensive , powerful , and rich as fuck . it has a cultural resonance in west africa to this day the
2 contrary to ancient beliefs , man and king are not mutually exclusive .	i felt the use of ' man ' in the title neglected the full story of mansa musa's wealth as well as general power and spending ability .

1 , there was once a game of tug-of-war so large and intense that two men lost their arms during the battle . ( they were later re-attached ) .	now that is one sport i never thought would be dangerous .

1 two baby girls were switched at birth in 1931 at the leiden university medical center . suspicions didn't rise until two decades later , when the girls met at a	fairly certain a friend of mine was switched at birth . he's 100 % ginger and freckles , also short . the rest of his family is tall , italian

1 nullsoft purposely went from winamp 3 to 5 , because " nobody wants to see a winamp 4 skin " .	yeah it really whoops the llamas ass
2 * whips	hwhips ...

1 40 years ago today the world lost a great man rip tolkein	i agree with all my heart , but your misspelling of tolkien's name is disgraceful .

1 canada was the third country to go to space	canada did anything significant

1 in 1524 a statue of virgin mary was charged as being a witch and was sent to a trial by water , when the statue floated they denounced it as	can't wait until you read about the [ cadaver synod ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cadaver_synod )
2 what i think i'm reading here is weekend at bernies : the pope .	i think it's more like last will and testameow . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pt6N4Fmmdxs

1 rodney alcala , a convicted rapist and serial killer , was contestant on the dating game and actually won a date with the bachelorette , but she subsequently refused to	correct me if i'm wrong ... but don't the bachelorettes choose from the three contestants ? why would she choose him if she thought he was creepy ?
2 she didn't see the mustache until it was over .	http://i.iflip.im/1hd9.gif

1 lsd is considered to pose less of a threat to your physical health than alcohol .	no shit .

1 in " a . i . artificial intelligence " , child actor haley joel osment suggested to steven spielberg that to portray an android well he shouldn't blink . osment	that sounds plausible , until you realize that some sort of artificial blinking response would be one of the first things we'd put in androids to make them seem more
2 and farting .. that would be awesome to have a . i . beef .	you'd have to artificially scent them though . which leads to the inevitably awkward situation of having to refill or replace your android's fart canister .

1 : while shooting the lord of the rings , viggo mortensen ( aragorn ) often spent days hiking to the film's remote locations , in costume and carrying his sword	he also had the police called on him after walking around in front of his house practicing his sword moves . his neighbors were freaked out and thought he was
2 didnt he also buy the horse for arwens stunt double ?	happy cakeday !

1 an underground mine fire , that was ignited in 1962 , still burns today and has transformed centralia , pa into a modern day ghost town .	couldn't they just cover up all the holes to the outside , and let the fire burn all of its oxygen out ?

1 there is a waterfall in minnesota called the devil's kettle that empties half its contents into a sinkhole . the outlet has yet to be found .	wow , do the reptilian conspiracy theorists know about this ? they should start citing it as proof that there is a whole underground society of reptilians .

1 traces of coca and nicotine found in some egyptian mummies have led some to speculate that ancient egyptians may have traveled to the new world ( america ) .	only one explanation , aliens .

1 one of the first books burned by nazis , heinrich heine play , contained a famous line " where they burn books , they will in the end also burn	pretty sure that , among all the invaluable historic stuff isis has been destroying lately , one of the books they burned was " the life of reason " ,
2 as a history major , we are condemned to watch everyone else repeat history while we serve fries .	depends on what university you go to a lot who work in business have liberal arts degrees

1 the beastie boys coined the term " mullet " to refer to a hairstyle in 1994 in their song " mullet head " . no earlier use of the term	we used to call it a sholo . as in short-long .
2 the kids can call you hoju .	just don't call me " washed up " , i do three shows a day !

1 alexander i of yugoslavia refused to attend public events on tuesdays after three family members died on that day of the week . after finally being forced to appear on	on the assassin : > also known as " vlado the chauffeur " chernozemski is considered a hero in bulgaria today [ 2 ] i am a bit confused ,
2 the only bulgarian i've ever met was really , really right-wing . if she was at all representative , it doesn't surprise me that much .	i don't think you understand statistics .

1 strawberry pop-tarts can produce flames over a foot high if left in the toaster too long	my grandmother microwaved hers . but that's when she was loosing it . the middle was like a volcano . i miss her .

1 it is illegal in many countries to perform surgical procedures on an octopus without anesthesia due to their intelligence	i'm not a bleeding heart or anything , but it should probably be required to use anesthesia for any surgery on anything .
2 how do you know if anesthesia is actually working ? especially since the main function of anesthesia isn't to numb pain but to make sure you don't remember feeling it	well , if someone's heart rate red lines when you touch them , there's a good chance they're consciously feeling the pain .
3 " someone " and " something " are different concepts .	well , if * something's * heart rate ( provided it has a heart ) red lines when you touch it , there's a good chance they're consciously feeling the

1 whenever al-qaeda organised games of volleyball , mohammed atef and osama bin laden were forced to be on separate teams since they were both tall , and skilled players .	al-qaeda organized volleyball games
2 i like how casually op threw that out there .	op is bin laden
3 i told everyone it was a bad idea to toss him into the ocean . they all saw what happened to megatron and still didn't believe me .	now i'm worried that every dialysis machine i see will transform into a terrorist , thanks !

1 a hiroshima policeman went to nagasaki to teach police about ducking after the atomic flash . as a result of this timely warning , not a single nagasaki policeman died	it's also extremely lucky that no policemen were caught in the zone where everything gets vaporized i guess .
2 no man , ducking saved them . even if a nuke explodes directly over you and makes it feel like someone dropped an anvil on your head just ducking for	or keep pumping stimpack in your arm .

1 roman emperor constantius described himself on occasion as ' redditor lucis aeternae ' , bringer of eternal light .	got a new handle

1 on several occasions , harrison ford has personally provided emergency helicopter services at the behest of local authorities , in one instance rescuing a hiker overcome by dehydration in jackson	imagine being so thirsty and in and out of consciousness out in the middle of the desert . you're just ready to accept death and fall into a gentle sleep
2 i'm a completely straight male , and i just came .	your username says otherwise .

1 in 1994 crayola release scented crayons but had to retire the food scented ones after a year because parents complained that they " smelled good enought to eat "	i remember these ! !

1 after hitler ordered the deportation of denmarks jewish population , danish citizens organized a massive evacuation of the jews to neutral sweden , despite the risks . in the end	denmark is awesome !

1 the " x " in " xmas " actually stands for the greek letter chi which is the first letter in the word for " christ " . the earliest	alien blue failure

1 subway's most popular sandwich , the italian bmt , is named for ' brooklyn manhattan transit ' , literally a subway	i was told brooklyn metro transit ...

1 there are still 5 people living who were born in the 1800s .	unless those are registered in japan , then they're probably not living and their family is still collecting their cheques .

1 lisa kudrow earned her ba in biology from vassar college , new york . her father , dr . lee n . kudrow , was a headache specialist and physician	she played a ditzy blonde very well on friends . that's how i choose to remember her .

1 the creators of kazaa went on to become the team that created skype .	skype actually works using a peer-to-peer network . all of your conversations are passing through other peoples ' computers . for real .
2 no wonder . are you sure you want to close skype ? close skype to task bar ? close skype ? are you sure ?	there's a check box you tick if you don't want to see those again .

1 john mccain broke both arms and a leg , then had his shoulder crushed when his plane went down in north vietnam . he was then tortured for two years	how do people not know this ? i thought everyone knew this .
2 i dont even know who this guy is	what guy ?

1 during wwii storks migrating from holland to south africa were found with messages taped to their legs that read , " help us ! the nazis are killing us all	twist ending : the south africans didn't care .
2 south africa was one of only five countries ( uk , australia , canada and new zealand were the others ) to be continuously at war with nazi germany from	exactly , wasn't all just usa and russia !

1 edgar mitchell , one of only 12 people to have walked on the moon , claims that the us and many countries governments have been covering up alien visitations for	one in twelve people are nuts .
2 iirc other astronauts have said the same . if anyone had an exact count , i would appreciate it .	gordon cooper ( mercury-atlas 9 , gemini 5 ) also claimed the us government was covering up information about extraterrestrial visitation . and a good handful of other guys (

1 during ww2 , italy delivered an ultimatum to greece demanding they accept occupation . the greeks replied with " then it is war " . in the ensuing fight ,	yeah ... italy in world war 2 was just military embarrassment after embarrassment . it's military was horrendously ineffective , and really could not operate independently of the germans .
2 example : italy declared war on france on 10 june 1940 . by this time germany had utterly beaten france ( and belgium and the netherlands ) , and was	well to be fair , the french also put a fortified maginot-style line on the italian border .

1 there's a giant hole called the devil ’ s kettle that swallows half a river and no one has any idea where it goes . over the years , researchers	solution : james cameron

1 in 2009 , general motors declared bankruptcy , took billions in government bailout money and issued new stock for the " new gm , " with no compensation for the	they also stopped the health insurance that their retirees were counting on and had been receiving .
2 really ? i know a couple retirees and they're weren't left hanging for health insurance .	idk maybe the people you know where union workers ? they got a decent deal , but the white collar retires got a pretty big cut in benefits .
3 shoulda joined the union then . " hey , we're all banding together to look out for each other . 1 person is never as strong as 12 . "	yeah , i'm not taking the bait . both options have their benefits & both have failings . and frankly , when was the last time you saw a union

1 early qwerty layout had 0 and 1 omitted to simplify the design and reduce the manufacturing and maintenance costs . they were chosen specifically because they were redundant and could	holy shit ! my 84 y / o neighbor just added me on facebook and he constantly does this shit . i couldn't figure out why . i bet he

1 the earliest example of the yin yang symbol ever discovered dates back to 430 ad - as a pattern used on a roman shield - predating its appearance in china	those crazy romans !

1 china has a law that requires every citizen over the age of 11 to plant at least one tree per year . as a result , china currently has the	keepin those kids workin . i like it .

1 danny trejo often chooses to play bad guys to teach younger audiences that bad guys often die or go to prison , and that one should try to live a	i used to be a boom operator on a show called " monk " and danny was on an episode playing ... a convict . he came across super nice

1 jason lee divorced , and cut off all contact with , his first wife after she read an anti-scientology book	> lee married actress and photographer carmen llywelyn in 1995 ; they divorced in 2001 . llywelyn later cited lee's commitment to scientology as the principal cause for their separation
2 beck is a scientogist ?	[ a comprehensive updated list of every celebrity linked to scientology ] ( http://gawker.com/a-comprehensive-updated-list-of-every-celebrity-linked-1694554276 )
3 i've got no idea who most of these people are in the confirmed section	congratulations , you have a life .

1 la rinconada , peru the highest elevated city on earth has a goldmine where miners work for 30 days without pay . on the 31st day they are allowed to	there was a similar system in northern mexico silver mines . it led to a fairly quick growth in the merchant class of native americans while it was still owned
2 at one point in history , japanese samurai were caught in mexico after the emperor closed japan to the outside world . the spanish hired them to guard the silver	wow , that's a pretty damn decent basis for a action movie ! hollywood needs a story about samurai in early mexico !
3 starring tom cruise .	we should also make a movie , call it " the last nigga on earth , " starring tom hanks

1 - bitcoins were developed by an anonymous software designer who called himself satoshi nakamoto . in 2010 he turned over the source code and disappeared . nakamoto is believed to	they have never been moved . there's no evidence that they ever will . he might have destroyed his keys or be dead . no one knows . he might
2 right , because he's just going to move all of them at once ... not like a bitcoin can be broken up into less than a cent or anything .	everyone knows which coins are his . if even 1 cent got moved it would be huge news and everyone would know about it .
3 how would they know if he just put them into an exchange	all bitcoins are unique , they more or less have an identity given to them by the blockchain when they were first released from a block ( if i'm understanding

1 the hacker kevin mitnick was kept in solitary confinement for 8 months because " law enforcement told the judge that he could somehow dial into the norad modem via a	kevin mitnick had a small part in grand theft auto : san andreas . he voiced a caller on one of the talk stations and referenced his stint in solitary
2 another wiki fact : " in the rockstar video game grand theft auto iii , on the in-game chatterbox radio station , a paranoid caller yells " free kevin "	back in the day , free kevin was found all over the internet , usually in the cool spots .

1 terry gilliam was j . k . rowling's first choice to direct harry potter	i misread that as " til that terry gilliam was j . k . rowling's first choice to play harry potter " for a second and was very confused .

1 steely dan is named after a dildo	music trivia novice

1 74 men died after their submarine , uss tang , torpedoed itself during a combat patrol .	terrorists !

1 : the dutch royal family took refuge in canada during ww2 occupation , upon the birth of princess margriet , the ottawa maternity ward was temporarily declared to be dutch	as a canadian who lived in the netherlands for several years , it's really touching and humbling how much the dutch appreciate what our country did to help them .
2 the dutch are still pretty bad people seeing as they were imperialists who enslaved indigenous peoples .	you're a dick

1 although pancreatic cancer is usually deadly , steve jobs had the one variety that's curable . but for nine months , he refused treatment and instead tried a vegan diet	if bill gates got pancreatic cancer and had it cured through conventional means maybe jobs would be alive today .

1 during a lecture , an oxford philosopher made the claim that although a double negative in english implies a positive meaning , there is no language in which a double	yeah right

1 - all members of the heaven's gate cult were found with a $ 5 bill and 3 quarters said to be for the interplanetary toll	no groupon ?

1 in 1964 , during their first american tour , the beatles refused to play their scheduled concert in jacksonville until the audience was desegregated	i misread the title was " the beatles refused to play their scheduled concert in jacksonville until the audience was disintegrated " , i was very confused

1 after fighting , giraffes have gay sex	it's a dominance thing hahah

1 over 90 % of fetuses diagnosed with down's syndrome in the uk are terminated .	callous , yes . but eminently practical : * the kids themselves never knew they weren't born . * replaces long-term medical costs with a single , cheap procedure (
2 > [ the kids themselves never knew they weren't born . ] ( http://imgur.com/7bHFb3Y )	i don't know why this picture feels like it's animated .
3 it looks like it was made in the same style as most flash cartoons	ah , that would be because [ the binding of isaac ] ( http://store.steampowered.com/app/113200/ ) runs inside a flash window .

1 : there is a game called desert bus . the objective of the game is to drive a bus from tucson , arizona to las vegas , nevada in real	thank you for this . i haven't absolutely cried laughing in a while .

1 shakira was banned from her school choir because her music teacher didn ’ t think she could sing and ' sounded like a goat '	well , i mean ... she wasn't wrong ...

1 don king killed two men . one was shot in the back while robbing one of king's gambling houses . the other was an employee stomped to death for owing	even better snippet from the article : > mike tyson , the former undisputed world heavyweight boxing champion , says of his former manager , " ( king is )
2 > king was later pardoned for the crime in 1983 by ohio governor jim rhodes , with letters from jesse jackson , coretta scott king , george voinovich , art	a lot of non rapist have said similar things about king . such as ali before he got sick

1 speedy gonzales was fully removed from cartoon network due to racial stereotypes until fans--including large hispanic organizations--demanded he return	itt are a lot of people who 1 ) didn't read the link to see it is just one hispanic group 2 ) really feel oppressed by being called out
2 > the bottom line is the character uses racial stereotypes as humor , it is understandable why that would be offensive and is to some people , and it isn't	ah . great argument . call the other side brainwashed . i feel no guilt . i feel something called empathy . try it .

1 when washoe , first chimp to use sign language , was told that her caretaker's baby had died , she signed " cry " , touching her cheek and drawing	does anyone know if any of these signing chimps ( or any animal ) are in any public zoo ? is there any way that i could sign to an
2 http://www.zooatlanta.org/home/animals/mammals/orangutan/meet_the_orangutans	nice ! it says he's shy though . i might just make a trip to atl , and learn sign before hand . lol . why not put it on

1 the beastie boys ' album " license to ill " was originally titled " don't be a faggot " but was changed when columbia records refused to release the album	shhhhh , don't tell reddit that their heroes do something they typically disapprove of ! ! ! oh god , here it comes ... the sound of cognitive dissonance exploding

1 in mississippi , alabama , and arkansas , mlk day is known as " martin luther king's and robert e . lee's birthdays " , pairing the civil rights leader	that's awesome

1 germany has only ever lost two world cup qualifying matches . in their entire history .	bhutan have lost zero . checkmate , germany .
2 i always use bhutan for my virtual pro just for the [ flag . ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/91/Flag_of_Bhutan.svg )	i've always wanted to see a dragon duel with [ this ] ( http://www.worldatlas.com/webimage/flags/flags_database/Flag_of_Wales.png )
3 best flag in the world , no bias here . i prefer the official version , something seems a bit off about that one . [ link ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/59/Flag_of_Wales_2.svg/827px-Flag_of_Wales_2.svg.png	why can't my country have a dragon in it's flag ? life is so unfair sometimes .

1 there are more slaves now than at any point in history , even though slavery is illegal in all countries .	so , where can i get one ?

1 vampire bats will die if they can't find blood for two nights in a row . luckily , generous well-fed bats will often regurgitate blood to share with others ,	well i'm done with dinner now ...

1 over 90 % of fetuses diagnosed with down's syndrome in the uk are terminated .	i love that the wikipedia picture is a retarded kid playing with power tools
2 i was too busy looking at the bowl cut ... the kids already retarded , why do the parents have to go and do that ?	i'm pretty sure every parent is obligated to give their kid a bowl cut at some point in his life .

1 english musician david bowie does not have any recollection of creating his critically acclaimed album , " station to station . " this is because he was in a psychotic	" english musician david bowie " . is he really not ubiquitous enough just to use his name ? did i miss some cultural wave here ?
2 a lot of us kids wouldn't know who david bowie is and a lot of us kids browse reddit , so it does make sense to say who david bowie	it was an honest question . i thought bowie was a household name at this point . i mean ... it's bowie . we're not talking about glen danzig here
3 as long as people similarly say : american singer frank sinatra .	american politcian george washington

1 members of the russian mafia would tattoo of lenin , marx , and engels on their chest or vital organs because firing squads could not shoot images of ussr's founding	i bet that neat trick saved no one ever .
2 been to a kgb museum recently ( prague ) , the russian guide told us that gulag executioners never cared about these mythical " tricks " and did their job	pretty sure it serves as morale boost for the mafia grunts ... " see bro , they can't shoot you because of it , you risk nothing " .
3 i'm imagining a russian version of badger sitting there asking , " hey the kgb have to tell you if they are kgb right ? so are you a member	badgers can't talk

1 the probability of a monkey typing hamlet on the first try is around 10 ^ − 360,783	that's because monkeys now prefer word processors with spell check .

1 in the detroit area , sliding glass doors are sometimes known as " doorwalls " .	as a troll michigander , i was more amazed about the party store one ... no way were the only ones who call them party stores .
2 moved to milwaukee with the wife . she went to a local party store to get me beer , and was really confused that it literally meant balloons and pinatas	yeah - just go to a wi grocery store !

1 up until the late 1990s , the sign language of israeli deaf communities used the swastika as the sign for " german " .	as a slightly related aside , in russian ( at least in my family and everyone i know that is russian ) germany and the german people are still commonly

1 at 42yrs old tony hawk still lands the 900 " i'm 42 and i did a 900 today . "	i remember watching him the first time trying over , and over again to hit his 900 . tony hawk is the man , he did a lot for skateboarding
2 [ vid . ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vInHTvNX6Q ) [ here's another video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e4QGnppJ-ys&feature=related ) that doesn't have shit music and an uploader who seems like a total douche [	here's one that gets right to it and doesn't go through the stupid " my you tube ' production company ' logo " bullshit : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e4QGnppJ-ys&feature=related

1 swedish auto maker saab make vehicles with floor mounted ignitions . they believe this is safer considering drivers can shatter their kneecaps on steering column ignitions during an accident .	made *
2 seeing posts mentioning saab just makes me so sad . svenska aeroplan aktiebolag , i miss you ...	they make me sad too . always a saab story ...

1 the rolls royce merlin v12 aviation engine created so much thrust from the exhaust , engineers were able to angle the exhaust backwards to gain 10 mph in the spitfire	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4FMP9crlA7w heres a modern unlimited hydroplane race boat that uses one . capable of over 200mph . they ran these for decades in the unlimited hydros before everything moved to
2 do they still do those boat races ? i feel like every time i see footage of one it looks like its from the 80 ' s or 90 ´	yeah they still race , they don't get the publicity they use to .

1 in the year 2000 a murder victim's blood was found in ray lewis's limousine . the white suit lewis was wearing the night of the killings has never been found	this is why i can't take people who call richard sherman a thug while praising lewis seriously ...

1 : david tenant who played the 10th incarnation of the doctor , is married to georgia moffett , who both played the doctor's daughter in doctor who and who is	well most pretty 16 year olds are .

1 brandon lee was killed during filming of the crow because rather than use proper dummy rounds they chose to use live cartridges that were improperly deactivated .	and to think he was being considered for neo in the matrix , that could have been amazing .

1 dnkney milk , or ass milk , is the closest to human breast milk , and was used until the 20th century as a substitute for babies .	" ask your doctor if ~ ~ ass milk ~ ~ baby formula is right for your newborn . "

1 there is a non-venomous snake , the hognose , that pretends to be a cobra , but when it strikes it bonks you with its nose instead of biting	/ r / boop

1 the wrestler mick foley became a fan of tori amos in 1993 . after meeting her in 2008 , he got involved in a group she started to aid abused	cactus jack shoulda won the wwf title against triple h at the royal rumble .

1 mr . t's gold chains were taken from the people he beat up as a bouncer ; he wore them openly so they could come back to get it .	> he eventually parlayed his job as a bouncer into a career as a bodyguard that lasted almost ten years . during these years he protected , among others ,
2 this is totally " ... and a partridge in a pear tree " worthy . someone should make a christmas jingle out of this ! lol	someone just edited wikipedia to say that .

1 during filming of " super mario bros . " bob haskins ( mario ) and john leguizamo ( luigi ) were so unhappy working on what they knew to be	this film exists .

1 the french military actually has the best military record in europe having won 132 of the 185 battles they fought in the last 800 years	france is also the home of the french foreign legion , who are arguably some of the best trained armed forces in the world .

1 someone actually built and used a house of horrors to murder people . it comes complete with a maze , doorways opening to brick walls , oddly angled hallways ,	holmes on homes ... amirite ? ! ! ? 1

1 humphry davy , and not thomas edison , created the first incandescent light bulb in 1802 . edison would go on to make it practical and economical in 1878 .	edison the capitalist and tesla the visionary

1 " the thong song " samples the beatles ' " eleanor rigby "	i wonder what eleanor rigby would look like in a thong ...
2 ahhh , look at all the lovely wrinkles	that cover that dump truck

1 the man who shot dimebag darrel took 8 buckshot pellets to the face shortly thereafter	dick cheney ?

1 washington state is the only state in the united states where assisted suicide , same-sex marriage , and cannabis use are all legal .	fuck yeah washington state . i live there .
2 damn the rest , pacific north west .	west coast best coast , east coast least coast . disclaimer : i'm actually canadian and have no idea .
3 both are actually really awesome , mostly . source : i've lived up and down both coasts .	truth . the coasts are great , it's that flat , jesus-y wasteland in between you have to worry about . edit : i said flat , colorado . you

1 while in the military mr . t was ordered to cut down trees as a punishment by a sergeant . he cut down 70 trees in 3 1/2 hours before	my mom's friend wanted to hook her up with some bouncer at a club in chicago in the 80 ' s . my mom goes to said club and it

1 jimmy swaggart , the televangelist , when questioned about his second scandal involving a prostitute , answered , " the lord told me it's flat none of your business .	and now for our next sermon , " why sexual immorality is only bad when you do it " . also , god told me to tell you to give

1 the price of entry to a zoo in 18th century england was a cat or a dog - they were fed to the lions .	made the orphans feel a bit better .

1 there are 7 us states where an employee can legally be fired for not complying with a request that would break the law .	a lot of states allow your employer to fire you if try discover you are looking for / applying for another job :(

1 " where the wild things are " was originally titled " land of the wild horses " until the author maurice sendak realized that he couldn't draw horses and changed	harry potter was supposed to be called harry otter until jk rowling realized otters can't be wizards .
2 i'm so triggered right now you guys don't even know . edit : apparently people in til don't know how to sarcasm , so i'll make it more obvious for	sarcasm or otherwise , this isn't really relevant or funny .
3 of course it's relevant and funny--the person has " otter " in his name , so he's imitating the " in all aspects but the physical , i am a	oh . it's a username joke . hilarious .

1 ibuprofen can lead to erectile dysfunction .	and very hard on your liver . never taken them if you drink or for a hangover .
2 i thought it was acetaminophen which was bad for your liver after / during drinking alcohol and that ibuprofen was okay ?	oh your right !

1 a gold medal won from the olympics is worth about $ 494 , a silver medal worth $ 260 , and the bronze medal is worth $ 3 .	there is a relevant simpsons clip , but i just can't find it .

1 when fashion designer nell donnelly was kidnapped in 1931 , the mobster john lazia was threatened to help find her by politician james a . reed . lazia sent out	really confusing title . i gave up after 3 tries

1 in 2011 , when donovan mcnabb signed with the minnesota vikings , chris kluwe agreed to change his jersey number on the condition that mcnabb make a $ 5,000 donation	/ user / loate his reddit account
2 it's just / u / sorry if you already got corrected , alienblue doesn't show any child comments .	aren't the dots meant to symbolize child comments ?

1 actor cillian murphy converted to atheism after researching his role as a nuclear physicist in the sci-fi film " sunshine "	i've always viewed it as the default state and say reverted instead of converted as this feels far more proper .

1 the president of the university of oregon missed out on having " the graduate " filmed at the school in 1967 . not wanting to make the same mistake again	and the famous diner scene in five easy pieces was also filmed in eugene . ... and they have a voodoo donuts . good town .
2 voodoo donuts taste like every other friggin ' donut , they just have ball-shaped donuts and vegan ones ... that's it . i've lived here my whole life and as	no one else makes stoner donuts with capt ' crunch or bacon on them . or donuts shaped like a blunt . you could take safeway donuts home and put
3 safeway donuts taste way better . you have to go to joe's donuts in sandy for oregon's best donuts .	there's still safeway grocery stores in oregon

1 in the 1980 us presidential election neither jimmy carter nor ronald reagan were allowed to privately raise funds , as they could only spend the money that was allocated to	obama in a nutshell ... " if i am the democratic nominee , i will aggressively pursue an agreement with the republican nominee to preserve a publicly financed general election
2 to add context , mccain actually did agree to use public financing . the candidates didn't fail to make a deal , obama just made a 100 % flip-flop .	yep
3 hillary will absolutely have my vote if she runs , but somehow i have a nasty feeling 2016 is going to a republican .	best case scenario is all of the candidates die in some freak accident and our society collapses forcing us to restructure our country into something that actually resembles a functioning

1 russell brand was fired from mtv for dressing up like osama bin laden the day after 9/11 .	i'm not normally sensitive when people make jokes however i just can't really see how he would think this was funny .
2 he was on drugs . it was a low point in his life . he was , afterall , working for mtv ...	are you implying that works such as ' 16 and pregnant ' aren't artistic masterpieces ?
3 2000 had daria , celebrity deathmatch , tom green , jackass , road rules , etc . it wasn't great but mtv was only really great when you were like	back when they actually used to play music videos ... i actually miss trl , they used to play a lot of crappy pop music , but they played a

1 when mr . t was serving in the army , his platoon sergeant punished him by ordering him to chop down trees . however , he did not specify how	awesome , what a legend

1 assassin's creed iv black flag has attracted criticism from peta for it's whaling mechanic . in response ubisoft stated that they did not condone " illegal whaling " any more	in gta 5 you can throw c4 and blow up dogs , you dont see peta freaking out about that ?

1 the 27th amendment to the constitution , which restricts the ability of congress to raise its own pay , was ratified in 1992 , more than 200 years after the	pa may be fucking up when it comes to net neutrality , but we still haven't ratified the 27th amendment .

1 the hacker kevin mitnick was kept in solitary confinement for 8 months because " law enforcement told the judge that he could somehow dial into the norad modem via a	pretty sure i saw someone do this on an episode of bones

1 taco bell has tried to enter the mexican market twice , failing both times , even after branding their food " american " food .	this is a proud day for mexico
2 i went to " taco bell " in mexico city around ' 92 . i have never had so much fun with my friends making fun of food .	you are the kind of guy who walks into a wax museum just to laugh at everyone who works there because the wax statues are not actually real people .

1 in 1990 , george steinbrenner was banned from baseball for life - only to be reinstated 3 years later .	well you didn't see the exception to the life ban they gave sterling , he can come back if he watches 12 years a slave 10x and writes an essay

1 in addition to http response codes 403 : forbidden , 404 : not found , etc . there also is code 418 : i'm a teapot .	now i need to invent an internet capable teapot .

1 jehovah's witnesses have falsely predicted the end of the world 20 times .	whaaaaat ! ? a religion falsely calling for the end of the world except for all who are part of their religion ? that's new !

1 a big brother winner used his winnings to start a drug ring , with another contestant from the same season .	who was the other contestant ? i didn't see anything mentioned about that in this .
2 here's a newer link with info of his sentencing , and info about the douchebag partner in crime . http://www.realitytvworld.com/news/big-brother-winner-adam-jasinski-sentenced-four-years-in-jail-11907.php here's the info about the dickhead fellow contestant who ,	ah , right - - i forgot that douchebag matty was also involved with that . remember reading about it when it all went down . amazing !

1 weird al yankovic has asked permission from prince to parody his songs on numerous occasions , and has always been refused . when the two were assigned to sit in	and to think he doesn't even need permission . satire is protected free speech . that's just al's good guy mo .
2 reading the other comments in this thread , it looks like the problem is that what's " satire " is up to the courts to decide , and al's not	weird al categorically , absolutely does not * need * permission , there are plenty of parody artists doing what he does ( just not nearly as well ) who

1 termites are being researched as a possible renewable energy source as they can produce up to 2 litres of hydrogen from ingesting a single sheet of paper , making them	don't get too excited . i first read about this 5 years ago and there's still not a whole lot to show for it .
2 well yeah , there's still some oil left in the ground , aint no one gonna go make cheaper energy ' til the money maker runs dry .	the stone age didn't end because they ran out of rocks .
3 stone age didn't end , neither did the coal age . they kept on going along side the new shit .	stone age isn't " the age when people used stone " , it's " the age when the best people could use was stone " . in that respect ,

1 most nazi soldiers brought to the us as pows left with positive feelings about the country at the end of wwii , and after their geneva convention required german repatriation	sounds like they were treated a bit better than the japanese .

1 kurt cobain described weird al yankovic as a " musical genius . "	i'd make a distinction between musical genius and what weird al is . his stuff is good , but musically it's mostly satire so he dosen't devellop new beats and
2 you do know that he has a library of original songs of his own , right ? he does more than parodies ; even if the writings are still satire	is it genius music ?
3 arguably . but is that not a matter of opinion to be held by individuals ?	i'm going per definition .

1 prostitution was widely legal in the united states up until the early 1900 ' s , when the woman's christian temperance union lobbied against it . this was the same	pretty much everything was legal until then . pot and coke and all that . the country was a libertarian's wet dream
2 there was a government so not really a libertarian wet dream , but much better .	libertarian does not mean anarchist , necessarily .

1 if a catholic priest reveals anything someone confessed to him for any reason at all , he is automatically excommunicated from the catholic church and can only be forgiven by	is there a precedent for this ? i remember the premise of the film calvary ( 2014 , with brendan gleeson , incredible film ) where a confession included announcing
2 there are no circumstances where the seal of confession can be breached for any reason and the contents of a confession cannot be divulged to even other priests or the	actually if you read the article , they can make an appeal to the pope who can give them the authority to share it with only him .

1 in 2004 , j . k . rowling became the first person to become a billionaire by writing books .	too bad god hasn't figured out how to profit from his best-seller , the bible .
2 the copyright expired into public domain a couple thousand years ago .	can i legally sell my own bibles ?

1 j . r . r . tolkien constructed over 20 languages , each with its own unique grammar and vocabulary .	he created middle earth and all its history to explain his made up spoken and written languages .

1 the actor who played a fictionalized j . peterman in seinfeld has been part owner of the real company since its relaunch in 2001	he also does the voiceovers for one of our local radio stations here in st . louis : [ it's alllll about the variety ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WARH )

1 walt disney world is the largest consumer of fire works in the united states.the park also launches the fireworks with compressed air instead of gunpowder to reduce fumes and gain	don't know if they still do it , but for the first 30 years of it's existence disneyland had a fireworks display every night of the year at 9pm local

1 when bono was 14 , his mother died at her father's funeral	seeing all the reasons in this thread for people hating bono , i can't help but think he got the shit end of some sort of publicity deal . really
2 bono can be annoying , sure , but it's nothing compared to the bono-haters . they are the worst kind of bores . how do you know a bono-hater ?	do you guys actually know " bono-haters " in real life ? i've haven't heard anyone talk about him in years . and before it was just stupid south park

1 bill paxton is the only actor to be killed by a terminator , alien and predator .	lance henrickson has also been killed by an alien , a predator , and a terminator .

1 actor james stewart was also a poet . once , while on the tonight show starring johnny carson , he read a poem called " beau " that he had	thank you op , even though i have seen it before . thank you mr stewart . i reached out my hand to shake your hand . but you are

1 forever 21 puts " john 3:16 " on their bags because their founders are christian fundamentalists .	oh no , let's complain about it on the internet .

1 when rupert grint got his driver's license , he bought an ice cream truck to fulfill a childhood desire and gives out free ice cream to children .	i hope a childhood dream is all it is ...
2 childhood dream ... dreaming of children ... what's the difference right ?	childhood cream .
3 & #3232 ;\ _ & #3232 ;	ಠ ‿ ಠ

1 as a child elon musk was bullied so severely he once had to be hospitalized because of a beating from other students	now we know he's a supervillain .

1 there is a punctuation mark for sarcasm	that [ love point ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b3/Point_d%27amour.svg ) is awesome .

1 nba hall of famer patrick ewing frequently faced racist chants while he played in college . in one game after an orange was thrown at him , the opposing coach	as a longtime syracuse fan i can say that throwing oranges was not a racist gesture . fans would do it if cuse needed a timeout but didn't have any

1 in the middle ages it was thought that the left testicle made sperm for girls . men who wanted sons would have it removed .	i was thinking , how could this link be nsfw ? click on link . oh ...

1 chris farley was suppose to be the voice of shrek ( he was over 80 % done with the dialogue before he died )	he would of been perfect for confederacy of dunces

1 matt damon's character in team america was supposed to be intelligent , but his puppet was so deformed it " looked retarded "	am i the only person on reddit who didn't like the movie ?
2 aren't you dead ?	this guys username is klm-jong-il , with an l for an i . this guy's a big fat phony !
3 not my fault the username was taken .	you're a big fat phony !

1 brazzers , reality kings , youporn , pornhub and spankwire are all owned by the same company .	so i wouldn't be breaking the law by uploading full videos from brazzers / reality kings onto youporn or pornhub since it's the same company ?

1 in 1994 , michael chrichton achieved the unique distinction of having a no . 1 movie , jurassic park , a no . 1 tv series , e . r	* sigh * i miss his writing . i wish i could wipe each of his books out of my memory so i could read them for the first time
2 whoa , he died ?	yeah . 55 , cancer . damned shame .
3 uhh he wrote * timeline * when he was 56 ... maybe you meant 66 ?	that would make more sense .

1 only about 22 % of the population has the ability to smell the effect that eating asparagus has on urine odor .	http://theoatmeal.com/comics/misspelling

1 the 15 largest ships in the world produce as much sulphur oxide pollution as all the cars in the world combined .	ships run on fuel that is little more than crude oil .

1 during ww2 , winston churchill temporarily ceded sovereignty of suite 212 of cartridge's hotel to yugoslavia , so prince alexander could be born in yugoslavian territory	the canadians [ did the same ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Princess_Margriet_of_the_Netherlands ) for the dutch royal family .

1 playboy refused to print richard thompson's list of best songs of the millennium because he took the task literally and chose songs dating back to 1068	well what did they expect ?

1 rickman has been with his first girlfriend since 1965 - when he was 19 years old	50 years is quite the time to be with someone . wait 1965 ? holy shit he's 69 ! ! !
2 69 , dudes !	excellent !
3 * [ guitar riff . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hJ4z0GR4Vu8 ) *	mierde ! mierde ! mierde ! mierde ! mierde ! mierde ! mierde ! mierde !

1 the idea that eating carrots helps you see in the dark was a lie invented by the british airforce in ww2 , in order to explain how british air raids	gooooood evening good evening good evening .

1 the name häagen-dazs is meaningless . the jewish creator wanted the name to be " danish-sounding " to honor the danish in their treatment of the jews during ww2 .	i always thought it sounded german , and im danish .
2 because of the z right ? scandinavians don't use z .	and danish apparently doesn't even use umlauts , so ä isn't a thing there . but it is in swedish .
3 hæagen-dasz looks very strange .	* häagen-dazs * is absurd .

1 " band geeks " was voted the best spongebob episode of all time	that's because it is the best episode !

1 when washoe , first chimp to use sign language , was told that her caretaker's baby had died , she signed " cry " , touching her cheek and drawing	http://i.imgur.com/AdiBPrO.jpg

1 there is no evidence that gun control lowers crime rates .	but , but , but ! this goes against my pre-conceived liberal beliefs !
2 but , but , but ! there's plenty of liberals that own guns ! this goes against my preconceived conservative ideas !	they only own them to protect themselves from those evil conservative gun owners !
3 na , my friends have guns because they like to go shooting sometimes . it's a hobby of sorts . they don't carry it all the time , but still	the hobby is actually reloading , the shooting part just gives us more brass and keeps the piles from getting too high .

1 baseball player tim raines would often use cocaine between innings in the dugout , and would only slide head first to avoid breaking the cocaine vials that he carried in	big deal . [ dock ellis pitched a no-hitter on lsd ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_vUhSYLRw14 ) .
2 ellis , d .	i also read the youtube top comments .

1 johnny depp's daughter nearly died from an e.coli infection and had an extended hospital stay . in order to thank the hospital for taking care of her , depp dressed	i bet he stayed in character the whole time too . awesome .
2 doesn't that just involve getting drunk ?	and being chased by the dutch east india trading company .
3 > east india trading company . wasn't the dutch , and wasn't set in east india ( ie india and southeast asia )	was the dutch .

1 there is an old finnish saying : " if booze , tar , or the sauna won't help , the illness is fatal . "	there is an old swedish saying : " finns are alcoholics " .

1 in 2000 , people magazine voted neil degrasse tyson " sexiest astrophysicist alive . "	and they were right

1 if actor randy quaid steps foot on american soil again , he will be arrested and prosecuted .	drugs are bad , mmmmkay ?

1 googles pac-man doodle on may 21 – 23 , 2010 caused a drop in worldwide productivity costing $ 120,000 , 000 ( approximately € 95,400 , 000 ; £ 83,000	i didn't realize until just now you can insert coin twice to get two players going at once . that's pretty awesome .

1 although pancreatic cancer is usually deadly , steve jobs had the one variety that's curable . but for nine months , he refused treatment and instead tried a vegan diet	who could ever have known that rejecting proper medicine in favour of flaky woo-woo bullshit could have such a grave outcome ? edit - thanks for the gold unknown benefactor
2 if only we had some kind of system of information analysis by which claims could be subjected to empirical testing , enabling us to determine with a healthy degree of	we do , but we don't do it enough or only for profit , in which case we miss a whole lot of interesting but unprofitable questions .

1 george foreman has made more money selling his grills than for his boxing career in which he was a 2 - time heavyweight champion	wikibot , who is george foreman ?
2 > wikibot , who is george foreman ? welp i'm fucking old	to be fair , a lot of people who don't follow boxing ( myself included ) didn't know who he was when he started selling grills .

1 sharon stone for may years maintained that she had an iq of 148 and was a member of mensa . she finally admitted in 2002 that she was not ,	well , that doesn't sound very smart .

1 during wwii , guy gabaldon single-handedly captured 1500 japanese prisoners by sneaking up to caves at night and convincing those inside that he had them surrounded . on one occasion	the japanese wouldn't surrender when they actually were surrounded and being shot down . why would they surrender when some guy claims they're surrounded ? after reading the article ,
2 you think , only because theyre japanese , that they dont want to life more than other people ?	they'd rather kill themselves than be caught by the enemy . at least that was a huge mindset that led to the bombings on hiroshima and nagasaki

1 in 2013 a heatwave of 86 ° f killed 760 people in britain .	living in arizona , 87 would be a blessing during the summer . so for that many people to die is hard for me to believe ...
2 you're saying no-one dies in arizona ? you know that amount isn't the number being killed by heat ?	relax buddy , i was going off of what the title of the thread said . that's why i was shocked . i'm not implying that americans are superior or

1 foster's home for imaginary friends won 7 emmy's .	whenever i go bowling , i bowl like eduardo . sadly , i don't win .

1 vladimir putin criticized george bush's dog , having remarked that his dog koni is " " ( b ) igger , tougher , stronger , faster , meaner , than	* * [ putin ] ( http://i44.tinypic.com/2vb3qki.gif?iact=hc&vpx=1122&vpy=212&dur=1176&hovh=180&hovw=256&tx=181&ty=81&sig=107442722284661688525&ei=7nqjTuGLNYmi8gP4sai1Bg&page=2&tbnh=142&tbnw=202&start=28&ndsp=28&ved=1t:429,r:27,s:28 ) * *

1 in 1959 , the washington redskins were the only holdout in approving the application for the expansion dallas cowboys . needing the vote to be unanimous , the cowboys bought	oh my goodness , i had no idea ! i now have something to piss off every washington redskins fan . thank you , op !
2 with the way they've been playing i think their fans are already pissed off enough . let's go hate on some eagles !	oh is that how it's gonna be ? things get tough and you run off with a different rivalry ? never trust a dallas fan , they got no heart

1 when chamillionaire asked michael jordan for a pic , jordan responded with " i ain't taking pictures with no n * ggas . "	apparently nike and jordan tried to apologize to chamillionaire by sending him jerseys and shoes but he refused and just replied , " no , nigga "

1 lsd is not retained in spinal fluid , and that it was none other than l . ron hubbard who started the myth .	but ... but ... what about all those flashbacks i had planned for my retirement years ?

1 the canada-us border is the largest undefended border in the world .	the second largest undefended border in the world is the us-mexico border

1 traces of coca and nicotine found in some egyptian mummies have led some to speculate that ancient egyptians may have traveled to the new world ( america ) .	perhaps it was ancient americans who traveled to africa .
2 [ sunset invasion ] ( http://i.imgur.com/o7PHN9y.jpg )	what game is that ?
3 crusader kings 2 . if you don't know much about strategy games , you can basically consider it like civ 5 on crack .	anyone who plans to delve into the paradox strategy games , be warned . they ruined the civ games for me . i simply cannot get any enjoyment out of

1 the arctic monkeys ' performance on jimmy kimmel had to be canceled because kanye west talked for too long .	i thought " arctic monkey " literally meant some cool animals were coming onto the show .
2 alex turner is a pretty cool animal ...	you could even say he is a dangerous animal

1 the number of syllables per line in the lyrics to tool's song " lateralus " correspond to an arrangement of the fibonacci numbers	also the hidden track on 10,000 days made by putting two songs back to back and overlaying with another song . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EFjEp79zaNw and the crazy time signature shenanigans in schism
2 interesting . i hadn't about heard the 10k days " hidden track " before . although , imho , it doesn't sound intentional .	i read a cracked article ( iirc ) about tool a while back about how there are tons of hidden " easter eggs " in their songs / albums .
3 like a really good no egg cookie recipe .	und keine eier

1 charles barkley , not mj , magic , or bird , led the dream team in points per game , rebounds per game , and steals . before the olympics	as an englishman , i had no idea that michael jackson played netball , or that he represented one of the colonies at the olympic games . was the glove

1 tommie smith and john carlos the athletes responsible for the 1968 olympics black power salute were pallbearers at peter normans funeral . norman was the white athlete on the podium	i hope at least one gold medalist / brave motherfucker raises a rainbow flag at the 2014 winter olympics . the media would ostracize and demonize them for breaking the
2 your opinions are not in the least subjective , and this isn't the same situation at all .	yeah , that's true . mexico wasn't actively trying to kill black people .

1 nowhere in the bible does it say that exactly three magi came to visit the baby jesus , nor that they were kings , or rode on camels , or	i think that's more of a catholic thing

1 during islam's golden age , scientists were paid the equivalent of what pro athletes are paid today .	that's because scientists were few and far between and were often in an educated , upper class , minority .

1 neil armstrong and buzz aldrin left one of yuri gagarin's cosmonaut medals on the moon to pay tribute to his accomplishment as the world ’ s first man in space	i like to believe that there will some day be a global holiday in truitue to gagarin , armstrong and all the first footsteps ever further into the frontier .
2 do we get work / school off ? can we drink and bbq during it ? if so , i'm in .	my dad and his friends always drink in gagarins honor every yar at 12th of april , the day he flew in outer space .

1 the seal of the city of atlanta features a phoenix because it is the only major american city that's been completely destroyed by war . it was burnt to the	there was a war in 1865 ?

1 russian voters used to have a box on their ballots to vote for " against all " .	this needs to exist in federal elections in canada .

1 nowhere in the bible does it say that mary magdalene was a prostitute or even overtly sexual .	so you think you can persecute

1 franz kafka published almost nothing during his lifetime , and on his deathbed told his friend to burn all his manuscripts . the friend published everything and kafka became famous	i've done a research paper on kafka years ago . he didn't want ask his work burned but 90 % of it . he told his lover to burn the
2 it's hard for me , based on this paragraph , to believe you've written anything , ever .	he's probably on mobile or something . his ' all ' was autocorrected to ' ask ' . also , a quick look at his post history tells me he's

1 the gps is owned by the united states and was originally developed for military usage but made freely-available in 1983 by president ronald reagan after korean air lines flight 007	bond air is go .

1 the president of the university of oregon missed out on having " the graduate " filmed at the school in 1967 . not wanting to make the same mistake again	i think oregon got the better of the two movies .
2 the graduate is a classic . animal house is a pretty successful comedy , but the graduate is always on best movie lists and imdb's top 250 list .	while the graduate may well be a higher-quality movie ( i actually haven't seen it myself ) , i think you could make a fair argument that animal house is
3 you should watch the graduate . then you'll realize how often it is referred to in pop culture . i mean , mrs . robinson , " one word :	and the music is so damn mind blowingly great .

1 a basic knowledge of monty python's flying circus is required to become a british subject .	i hope there aren't any questions about the spanish inquisition . i didn't study for that . nobody expects the spanish inquisition .
2 as a 15 year old kid cramming for my ap world history test , thank you for the warning .	t minus 11 hours 23 minutes

1 : one of the 57 people killed in the 1980 mt st . helens explosion was an 83 year old lodge owner named harry truman . just before the 1980	maybe take his cats , but at 83 i think he did the right thing . was he going to start over somewhere else ?

1 elie wiesel , holocaust survivor , author , and nobel peace prize winner had his life savings and nearly all of the assets of the elie wiesel foundation for humanity	looks like he ... * puts on sunglasses * madoff with all of it .

1 chris brown was banned from the uk in 2010 after beating rihanna up -	one thing i like about the uk is they publicly ban assholes , even if its just for hate speech or assault

1 if you don't identify as an " extrovert " or " introvert , " you might be an " ambivert . " an ambivert is moderately comfortable with groups and	what ? ! there's a middle ground ? ! ? ! ! ? ! stupid .

1 antifreeze is made artificially bitter because the original sweet taste makes it perfect for murdering / poisoning people	not for intentional poisoning , but accidental poisoning ( children , animals ) . tyl

1 homosexuality was still classified as an illness in sweden in 1979 . swedes protested by calling in sick to work , claiming they felt gay .	homosexuality is an interesting topic . there has to be some biological explanation why some people are attracted to the same sex . i wonder how long until we discover
2 already been done . it's caused by hormonal influences in the prenatal stage which causes the brain to develop differently , specifically the neurological pathways which govern attraction and what	so you're saying the brain of a homosexual is different than the brain of a straight person ?

1 pasty white skin was considered more attractive until the 1920 ' s when coco chanel accidentally got a sunburn while on vacation and people started to emulate her .	wasn't she supposedly a nazi spy or something like that ? i think it is funny that she's responsible for making darker people popular .

1 the guiness world of records holds the world record for being the best-selling copyrighted book of all time and is one of the most stolen books in libraries	" guiness world of records " sounds like an irish music store .

1 wilson the volleyball from the movie castaway was inspired when screenwriter william broyles , jr deliberately stranded himself for one week on an isolated beach in the sea of cortez	things could've been a lot more interesting if a dildo has washed ashore instead .
2 had hanks figured this out , he could've stayed on that island forever . http://i.imgur.com/4lyZeL8.jpg	[ gif ] ( http://i.minus.com/i7uM680kYokR7.gif )

1 one of the first books burned by nazis , heinrich heine play , contained a famous line " where they burn books , they will in the end also burn	pretty sure that , among all the invaluable historic stuff isis has been destroying lately , one of the books they burned was " the life of reason " ,
2 as a history major , we are condemned to watch everyone else repeat history while we serve fries .	now write that line in a book and deep fry it .
3 those who remember history are condemned to fry .	arbeit macht fry !

1 during ww1 the british executed soldiers inflicted with shell shock ( combat stress disorder ) on the basis of cowardice because shell shock wasn't considered a psychiatric disorder .	torchwood taught some people this .

1 for his role in animal house , donald sutherland was offered $ 35k + 15 % of the film's gross . thinking the film would be a flop , sutherland	what if he invested that $ 50k with average interest of 8 % compounded annually since the film's release ? also , consider dollar appreciation since the 1980s . (
2 > 8 % compounded annually investing in what ?	cocaina

1 after receiving complaints about the size of their sandwiches , subway responded " ' subway footlong ' is a registered trademark as a descriptive name for the sub sold ...	ysk that you can go to most local groceries with a deli and they will make you not only a cheaper , but fresher , and better sandwich than subway
2 does ysk mean you seriously know ? or something similar ?	you should know

1 in bram stokers original novel , dracula is not killed by sunlight . he just becomes weaker .	> he is also unable to enter a place unless invited to do so ; once invited , however , he can approach and leave the premises at will .
2 also cannot cross bodies of water outside of his coffin . not as bad for modern movies , but still something i feel they change a lot .	that's a major plot point in the strain .

1 some game companies made the game harder if it was pirated rather than implementing drm	probably the best known game who did this of all being gta iv where having a pirated copy made it so that you'd always drive in the drunk driving mode
2 i got a legit copy that did that . looked it up but didn't find any fixes cause that only happened to cracked versions . still don't know why that	i once bought a sealed game from best buy with no freaking disk .
3 did you get your money back ? i hope you did . we all do .	i went back and and got a replacement .

1 sniper bullets can travel for so long , the rotation of the earth will move the target	plug / r / longrange

1 during world war 2 , us troops would use the word " lollapalooza " to root out japanese spies . anyone who pronounced the first two syllables as " rorra	... gorlami .
2 one more time ?	... * gorlami . *

1 during prohibition , the us government ordered poison be added to industrial alcohol to discourage consumption . people continued to drink it , so the government mandated more potent poison	who serves whom ?

1 walt disney world is twice the size of manhattan .	the animal kingdom park is actually larger than the other 3 parks combined due to the large animal enclosures .

1 don mclean's kids sang the weird al yankovic parody ( ' the saga begins ' ) of his classic ' american pie ' so much that he sometimes sings it	oh dear my weird al phase . i memorized all of the tools in the hardware store song and i can still bust it out like it's 4th grade all

1 swallowing her partner's semen may reduce a woman's risk of developing a dangerous pregnancy condition called pre-eclampsia .	yes thats right baby , suck all the medicine out

1 when the nazi party held its first book burnings , one of the works destroyed was an 1821 play by heinrich heine containing the famous phrase " where they burn	the whole city of berlin is like one big museum . they have historical monuments like these scattered all around the city ... not to mention all the actual museums

1 star trek ii the wrath of khan features cinema's first entirely computer-generated sequence : the demonstration of the effects of the genesis device on a barren planet .	genesis , what's that ?

1 the nazis considered native americans to be part of the aryan race .	heh , ironic that the navajo language was used as a code by the us so the nazis couldn't understand intercepted messages ( cause where the hell are you gonna

1 fred phelps of the westboro baptists church was a life-long democrat , running for office repeatedly and serving as a delegate for al gore in the 1988 democrat presidential primary	not really " life long " , as he didn't support democrats in later campaigns .

1 bowhead whales may be the world's longest lived mammal . in 2007 , a 15m ( 49ft ) specimen was discovered with the head of a harpoon embedded in its	probably just a hipster whale who got an antique piercing to piss off his parents .
2 or hipster whale hunters going out old school and calling themselves ishmael .	i'm no hipster but if i could get people to call me ismael i'd rock it .

1 seal team six was only the second seal team , but was designated the number six to confuse the soviets as to how many seal teams there were .	now if only someone would tell the media that seal team six hasn't existed for over 20 years and is now known as devgru .
2 and even * that * is a cover ; " oh , those guys ? yeah , that's just our equipment testing and tactics development group , pay them no	" now , mr . bin laden , if you will just hold still for a second , we need to run some tests with this equipment . "

1 russell brand was fired from mtv for dressing up like osama bin laden the day after 9/11 .	i'm not normally sensitive when people make jokes however i just can't really see how he would think this was funny .
2 if you aren't american its pretty funny .	ya , if you aren't american , and a huge asshole ...

1 darrell from " storage wars " once found a dead body in a unit .	ha ha at once

1 when it became apparent that israel was going to win the 1978 eurovision song contest , most of the arabic countries ended their transmission of the contest . this includes	wonder what their response was when israel won in 1998 with a trans * performer .
2 transperformers , more than meets the eye .	transperformers , prepare for a surprise .

1 ellen degeneres was cast as dory in finding nemo when the director , andrew stanton , watched her ' change the subject 5 times before finishing the sentence ' in	ellen is my mom .
2 your mom is a lesbian ? edit : folks , i know lesbians can be mothers . the joke was because ellen is a lesbian and lots 24 said his	lesbians can be mothers and mothers can be lesbians .
3 i'm in lesbians with you .	it's " love " , scott . i wasn't trying to trick you .

1 rickman has been with his first girlfriend since 1965 - when he was 19 years old	this is love , actually .
2 if by love you mean stomping on emma thompson's heart with your skank secretary .	i fucking hate that movie for that . i know they were trying to do a movie that's non-traditional and everything isn't a happy ending , but it was bullshit

1 the band buckcherry issued a press release blaming pirates for leaking their music . after investigations , it was found that buckcherry leaked it themselves .	about the band buckcherry and i wish i hadn't .

1 daniel day-lewis was performing on stage as hamlet when , while acting out the scene where hamlet talks to his dead father , he believed he saw the ghost of	good thing he wasn't doing macbeth , he might have summoned ents instead of ghosts .

1 the entire goldeneye 007 game on n64 is only 12 mb .	> " at one time , developers planned to implement the reloading of the weapons by the player unplugging and re-inserting the rumble pak on the nintendo 64 controller ,
2 i can't imagine that unplugging and reinserting the rumble pak several dozen times per minute would be all that good for the electronics . i suspect that is why nintendo	wouldn't be good for pinched finger lawsuits , either .

1 we see the colors that we do because that is just about the only spectrum of light that passes through water , the area where eyes first evolved . there	so what about this [ shrimp ] ( http://theoatmeal.com/comics/mantis_shrimp ) then ?
2 as op said , " on land . " as the oatmeal said " the mantis shrimp lives in warm , shallow water . "	he also said no other light penetrates the water , which is flagrantly wrong .

1 chris hemsworth's first movie role was in star trek ( 2009 ) . he played kirk's father who dies in the opening sequence of the film .	yeah he was pretty bad ass for a five minute role .

1 director oliver stone was high on mushrooms during the filming of natural born killers .	so oliver stone was ... stoned ?

1 ringo starr once walked in on george harrison sleeping with his wife .	and george walked in on eric clapton sleeping with his wife .

1 as a child elon musk was bullied so severely he once had to be hospitalized because of a beating from other students	bullied for being far exceeding more intelligent then everyone else

1 gerard butler was the president of his law school society , had a job as a trainee lawyer at a scottish law firm , but was fired one week before	" to work on becoming famous . " love it .

1 jim carrey auditioned for saturday night live . ultimately , he was dropped in favor of charles rocket . who is charles rocket ? the villain in dumb and dumber	charles rocket committed suicide by [ slitting his own throat ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_Rocket#Death ) . edit : changed the link to the non-mobile version .
2 there's the real til in all of this .	this almost needs a new til

1 anthony kiedis once missed a red hot chili peppers concert because he was off scoring drugs , so keith morris filled in on vocals and just yelled and made up	* * til * * black flag had a lead singer before henry rollins , but then again i would have been 8 when he joined so that was the

1 at the height of the irish potato famine in 1847 , almost 4,000 ships carried food from ireland to england and scotland while 400,000 irish died of starvation and related	ireland had a population of over 8 million before the famine . island wide it still is below this today more than 150 years later . on the plus side

1 the first canadian casualties of the afghanistan war were from an american pilot bombing a training exercise .	i remember this happening . did they ever figure out what went wrong ? i was a kid at the time and it seemed unfathomable to me that the only
2 maybe recently , most casualties in war did not die at the hands of an enemy , but rather disease and just about everything else , but i know what	wwi was the first major conflict where combat deaths exceeded non-combat deaths .

1 if you plant an apple seed , the resulting tree will not produce the same kinds of apples . in fact , they will taste significantly different and may be	same with avocados .
2 [ [ citation needed ] ] ( http://xkcd.com/285/ )	citation - duhblow 7 on reddit.com til subreddit 4/21 / 2013 8: 55am pst .

1 what al-qaida's strategy for 2001-2020 is	sounds like the cia's strategy for 2001-2020

1 peta had a problem with the whaling segment of assassins creed : black flag . ubisoft dismissed it saying they did not condone whaling any more than they they condoned	are they going to make a parody game ? their cooking mama one was actually quite fun , i play every thanksgiving .

1 in the 1980s the naval investigative service undertook a massive and futile search for a woman named " dorothy " in the chicago area , after hearing gay men refer	oh , so that's what elton john was referring to

1 marcus luttrell , a former navy seal , chased four men through four counties while armed with two 9mm berettas because they killed his dog , dasy .	maximum 2 years for animal cruelty ? ! ? should be way higher imo
2 is there any crime where people go " that's a bit harsh . let's reduce the sentence way lower for that one . "	murder in certain cases . like if they kill your family and you kill them you shouldn't get a bunch of time .

1 the all-time leading country in olympic medals won is the united states with 2,653- - more than twice the amount of second-place soviet union	murica ! !
2 better spend all our money on fancy sports areas instead of free health care .	the us is the only country that provides no government funding to olympic athletes . it's all corporate and private contributions .

1 in 1337 islamic scholar ibn khaldun theorized that humans developed from monkeys	[ ibn khaldun was hardly the first . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_evolutionary_thought )

1 upon release of the famous ymca song by village people , the actual ymca threatened to sue the band . the organization ultimately dropped the lawsuit when it noticed that	kazakhstan understands .

1 in law and order the distinctive " thunk-thunk " sound effect used in between scenes was created by combining close to a dozen sounds , including that of a group	i always thought it was supposed to be a gavel dropping .
2 > " the clang " is an amalgamation of nearly a dozen sounds , including an actual gavel , a jail door slamming , and five hundred japanese monks walking	yeah , the jail doors are in there too , huh . i think i heard them subconsciously but hadn't recognized it .

1 indonesia realized dead manta rays are worth $ 500 whereas manta ray tourism brought in $ 1,000 , 000 over the life of a single ray . indonesia is now	i bought my toyota pickup for 500 but made 26000 a year delivering pizza

1 all existing jfk assassination related documents will be made public by 2017	don't believe it . they were supposed to be public already .

1 in 1957 , the kkk planned to set up a burning cross at a college in alabama that recently integrated . however , because it was finals week , the	hey , never thought i'd see my alma mater on reddit . woo ! go badgers !
2 there are dozens of us ! i think someone started an shc sub , but it was rarely used .	literally dozens !

1 in 2006 , the london philharmonic played ligeti's atmospheres and transitioned directly from that piece's last ethereal chord to the opening notes of stravinsky's rite of spring .	fascinating . are these pieces compatible ? there is about fifty years between them .

1 during the siege of leningrad in wwii , 9 soviet scientists died of starvation while protecting the world's largest seed bank , refusing to eat what they saw as their	fuckin hardcore man
2 in mother russia , something something seeds .	in mother russia , bomb plants terrorists .
3 i feel like this is * almost * a great joke .	there has to be a great joke here . something that's not a pun

1 mormons baptized 380,000 holocaust victims posthumously , seriously offending a lot of jewish people .	as a non practicing jew , it's highly offensive . everything about mormonism is offensive . it's a fucking cult founded by a psychopathic con artist .

1 by throwing a stone into water , you'll be performing the entire national anthem of the swedish micronation ladonia	swede here . the " artist " who " created " this is an untalented jackass . don't pay any attention to this . move along , nothing to see

1 president harding served bootleg liquor to his guests in the white house during prohibition , after he voted for it as a senator	do current presidents have to go through drug testing ? bush had his coke , obama had his choomwagon days , americans have continued incarceration over minor drug offenses while

1 if we sort known planets ( including extrasolar ) by standard primary habitability , earth is only fifth	yeah , but we're number one on the earth similarity index .
2 but that's like saying that america has the best culture because its culture is most america-like .	the joke pheonix's head .

1 there's a man who ran nonstop for 135 miles in 120f degrees across death valley , a marathon in the south pole in - 40f and did 50 marathons in	and i was run-ning

1 tycho brahe had a tame elk . it died by drinking too much beer at a dinner and falling down some stairs .	to correctly pronounce tycho brahe , you have to [ pronounce it like you're a parrot ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5a/Da-Tycho_Brahe.ogg ) .

1 taco bell has tried to enter the mexican market twice , failing both times , even after branding their food " american " food .	the same way that there are no red lobsters in maine , and the one that did open quickly went out of business .
2 curiously , there are outback steakhouses [ in australia . ] ( http://outbacksteakhouse.com.au/index.php/locations )	and fosters isnt really australian for beer .
3 the [ foster's group ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foster%27s_Group ) does make a lot of beers that australian's drink though . however our latent anti-yankism * means that foster's brand beer does	wikipedia : " it ( fosters ) was founded in melbourne in 1888 by two american brothers , william and ralph foster of new york ... "

1 when harvey weinstein wanted to edit princess mononoke to make it more marketable its director , miyazaki , sent weinstein a katana with a message stating " no cuts .	should have been a wakazashi with a note saying , " do the right thing . "
2 should have been a boar's head in the bed . everyone knows what that means .	i like the symbolism you got going there . boar's head as a sign not to mess with the film / story . just like how the boar god became

1 the season 3 dvd of tv's " pete & pete " has been produced , pressed , and packaged , but never released to retailers . they " are sitting	on that note , where's hey dude ! and solute your shorts ?
2 first 3 seasons of hey dude ! are on dvd .	of all those 90s nickelodeon live shows , hey dude ! holds up the worst .
3 that show was bad even as a kid . it was the show i'd wait to be over until salute your shorts came on .	glad i wasn't the only one .

1 coffee loses caffeine as it roasted , so a dark , " bold " cup of coffee actually has less caffeine than a lighter roast .	how is this on the front page ?

1 : when " lose yourself " won the academy award for best original song , not only was eminem not there to accept the award , he was asleep during	but slim , what if you win , wouldn't it be weird ?
2 why ? so you guys could just lie to get me here ?	arms spaghetti .
3 there's vomit on spaghetti already . mom's spaghetti .	hes nervous , but on the surface he looks calm and ready to drop spaghetti .

1 a 2006 survey suggested that 55.5 % of icelanders are certain about the existence of elves , or are open to the possibility	would rather not be eaten alive nor be forced to kill myself in a number of humiliating ways . i believe in elves .

1 there's never been a documented death directly attributed to marijuana .	[ i think we're dying . time is going by really really really slow ! ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RLkOddgjYuY )

1 the slot between 8: 00 pm and 11:00 pm on friday nights is known as the " friday night death slot " , as when shows are placed in that	except fringe

1 on iron chef america the chefs have a 45 minute strategy session after the secret ingredient is revealed before they start cooking	when i found this out it took a lot of the magic out of the show for me

1 the last year the united states went without any deaths in a school shooting was 1981	what happened when the uk had a school shooting , guns where banned and all was history
2 guns aren't banned in the uk , except pistols and assault rifles . shotguns and rifles aren't too hard to get .	from what i understand is you actually can own pistols and ar-style weapons . / r / ukguns

1 teddy roosevelt once backed a bill to import hippopotamuses into the u . s to produce meat to solve the american meat crisis in 1910 . the american hippo bill	i know they're super aggressive and dangerous but , from the wikipedia article : " the new york times which praised the taste of hippopotamus as “ cow bacon ”
2 cow bacon ? it isn " t too late america lets get on this now !	they already make [ cow bacon ] ( http://www.foodservicedirect.com/product.cfm/p/2957352/Cured-Beef-Bacon-Plate.htm?gclid=CJ_ClYb1xL4CFcHm7AodHWkAug ) . tastes like strips of steak to me .
3 i'd like to try it , but i don't think i need 12lbs of it .	i'd like to try cow bacon , too . preferably with a side of hippo bacon .

1 - most of the smoke billowing up from a space shuttle launch is not exhaust . it is water vapor from the pool of water under the shuttle designed to	[ here's a great pic showing the difference ] ( http://img714.imageshack.us/img714/5764/shuttlelaunch.jpg )
2 curves slightly to the left ... everything looks normal here ...	if you launch a rocket straight up you're going to have a lot of trouble trying to get into a sustainable orbit . you need a lot of angular δv

1 emma stone's low-pitched husky voice is a result of having baby colic , a condition of constant screaming as an infant .	i like her voice .
2 i * love * her voice . when i have a daughter , i'll let her cry everything out .	trust me , you won't last 3 days . source : i had a child with colic edit : i have a child who had colic .
3 never been more relieved by an edit	cry kills .

1 msg is not that bad for you . the public's misconception of msg is based off of one anecdotal and unscientific study .	the fact that it says " til that msg is not that bad for you " what is this today i learned ? or today i might have learned .

1 humans aren't appropriate prey for great white sharks because their digestion is too slow to cope with the high ratio of bone to muscle and fat .	so the critters that evolved in the middle of africa aren't an ideal meal for the critters that evolved out in the deep sea ? huh ...

1 the first animal to ask an existential question was from a parrot named alex . he asked what color he was , and learned that it was " grey "	alex's last words : > be good . i love you . oh the feels . edit : since it's being discussed in this thread i figured i'd share my
2 the actual last words were : > you be good , see you tomorrow . i love you . these were the same words that the parrot would say every	i'm currently chopping onions as an excuse to cry

1 british police cars carry a teddy bear to console children after an accident	the thumbnail looks like a guy riding buzz lightyear style motorcycle .

1 the name six flags comes from the flags of the six different nations that have governed texas	the [ seventh ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kQpoFSu.jpg ) flag of texas .
2 i'm naming my son bbq chicken strip sandwich on texas toast with grilled jalopenos , fries with spicy ketch-up , and a dr . pepper with no ice so he	there's [ no period ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dr_pepper#Name_formatting ) in dr pepper

1 when the current king of thailand was born in cambridge , massachusetts , the hospital room in which he was born was declared thai territory for the duration of the	you can't just declare another countries soil yours . unless you're putin .

1 of central american stingless bees that have been cultivated by mayans for thousands of years . the bees are regarded as pets and their hives hung in and around the	so does that mean i can capture the bees and put them in a fridge so that i can then tie a string around them which would then act as

1 there are only 5 countries in the world that still use fahrenheit to measure temperature , the bahamas , belize , the cayman islands , palau , and the united	http://imgur.com/zdtkwYN.jpg ps i'll go dickless for michael chiklis
2 yep , looks like this is going to be today's anti-u . s . circle jerk . yesterday it was the un treaty of the rights of the child ,	i noticed that too . i suspect that people start digging past initial post ( metric system ) and find that there are other things the only the us does

1 brad pitt consented to the removal of pieces of his front teeth which were restored when filming of " fight club " ended	tooth pain is one of the worst pains a person can have .
2 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TfDVLsBXYcM	i was thinking https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-OviftusB8
3 or that .	is it safe ?

1 crows are monogamous and raise families together . offspring from previous seasons even remain with the family to help rear new nestlings .	crows are the smartest birds and one of the smartest animals , they are able to learn complicated tasks and remember them for a long time
2 turns out they can understand / solve analogies ( i . e [ 1 ] is to [ 2 ] as [ a ] is to [ ? ] )	can they understand dramatic irony ?
3 no , only verbal irony .	what about situational ?

1 in 1997 william shatner agreed to become the spokesman for priceline in exchange for some stock in the young company . this has earned him approximately $ 600 million as	urban legend . http://www.cnbc.com/id/101182369

1 lucille ball claimed she picked up radio signals on her dental work and reported it to authorities resulting in the bust of a japanese spy signal in la in 1942	i don't understand this . like , she could hear the signal coming from her teeth , ie inside her head ?

1 boxer wladimir klitshko auctioned his olympic gold medal to raise money for underprivileged ukranian children . he raised $ 1,000 , 000 . the buyer immediately returned the medal to	wladimir klitschko is stand up guy .
2 boxing doesn't usually go to the ground .	his opponents do .

1 the french military actually has the best military record in europe having won 132 of the 185 battles they fought in the last 800 years	losing the other 53 are the ones that where important .

1 beavis and butt-head was blamed for the death of an 8 month old struck by a bowling ball thrown from an overpass . it was later discovered the ball-thrower didn't	i believe that the kid who burned down his trailer with his baby sister inside also didn't have cable and never watched the show , but the media still blamed
2 so was the " lightning strikes " episode of beavis and butthead made after these claims ? in which case great satire .	oh , yeah , definitely . the kid burned down the trailer in 1993 , so that was a couple of years before " lightning strikes " .

1 after it was found a black girl was fabricating a gang rape allegation , al sharpton accused the prosecutor of being a racist , and stated the prosecutor was one	the name " al sharpton " should be your red flag there .
2 im a very liberal person , and he is a huge red flag to me ... edit * 2 * : ps do * you * fly planes ?	you rang ?
3 you really like bitcoins don't ya ?	most certainly i do .

1 after reducing her size 34dd breasts to 34c 5 years ago , 2014 french open runner up simona halep has moved up 450 places in the world rankings .	before : http://blacksportsonline.com/home/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/simona-halep-busty-and-sweaty.jpg http://news.makemeheal.com/images/simona-halep-plastic-surgery2.jpg after : http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-TsQfcXnFblI/TbMPZ5MoT7I/AAAAAAAABWI/3V-PxRTj09U/s1600/simona-halep_small.jpg
2 too much fucking white knighting on this thread . her breasts looked much better when they were bigger .	everyone should conform to my sexual desires in terms of looks . but goddammit if people judge me on my looks , nice guys finish last . amirite guys ?

1 hershey's chocolate is flavored with sour-tasting butyric acid , which also gives vomit its aroma . this is why people unaccustomed to american chocolate sometimes compare it to vomit .	disgusting !

1 the han dynasty of china drilled for natural gas , transported it in pipelines and gas containers and burned it in stoves ... in 200 bc	what happened ? they used to lead the world in , well , everything . now all they do is make pre engineered mcdonald's toys
2 europeans came and destroyed what the chinese had built , which was about all they could do better since they never bloody stopped with it . but don't worry ,	and japan .

1 the area surrounding chernobyl " will not be safe for human life again for another 20,000 years "	well , there go my honeymoon plans ...

1 mr . t's gold chains were taken from the people he beat up as a bouncer ; he wore them openly so they could come back to get it .	slightly misleading headline op ! he wore them so they could reclaim them after being kicked out of the club without having to go back inside and cause more confrontations

1 mark wahlberg had committed 20-25 offenses by the age of 21 . these included throwing rocks at a bus full of black schoolchildren and knocking a vietnamese man unconscious and	that's bad , but his most heinous crime was starring in the happening
2 i have literally never met someone who enjoyed this movie . ^ ^ i ^ ^ thought ^ ^ it ^ ^ was ^ ^ pretty ^ ^ good ^	it had zoey and people dying random deaths . i actually liked it .

1 as a child elon musk was bullied so severely he once had to be hospitalized because of a beating from other students	see , this is why bullying is important !

1 1 in 5 american adults think the sun goes around the earth . in russia it's nearly 1 in 3 .	neither did sherlock holmes ... [ but he had his reasons ] ( http://gawker.com/011916/arthur-conan-doyle-and-the-greenwich-yacht-club ) .

1 billie piper ( the actress who played rose tyler in doctor who ) divorced from her wealthy husband , she opted not to claim any money from him , stating	that picture doesn't do her justice . she was so freaking beautiful and sexy on dr . who .

1 cinco de mayo is bigger in the us than it is in mexico , mostly because beer manufacturers saw it as a marketing opportunity in the 1980 ' s	i always wondered if it was as big around the country . it's big where i live , but that's california , so it makes sense that it's big here

1 carl sagan was not an atheist stating " an atheist is someone who is certain that god does not exist , someone who has compelling evidence against the existence of	i'm a saganeist . the only bad thing about being a saganeist . you are allowed to only wear two types of fabric : corduroy and turtleneck . :(
2 http://i.imgur.com/NCTb4ow.jpg * * hail sagan ! * *	well that is frightening .

1 ancient romans would shower daily , until the rise of christianity , which made good hygiene a religious taboo	i'm going to go ahead and call bullshit on this .
2 you mean you've never hear of the roman showers before ?	you mean the thermal baths ? which are found in all major roman settlements throughout europe ?

1 after watching star wars for the first time in 1977 , james cameron quit his job as a truck driver to enter the film industry .	please let the record reflect that he's canadian . source : proud canadian .

1 johnny knoxville is the result of " significant inbreeding " . this was discovered by a genealogist he himself hired .	interesting . i think its worth noting that while he may be inbred he's obviously smart enough to make a crap-ton of money * acting * like an idiot and
2 i think it's generations of inbreeding that causes the most problems . like those families who isolate themselves and only have sex among themselves .	like the [ habsburgs ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6ettVaB.png ) for example .
3 the density of fucked up relations is outstandingly high .	i misread that as " dentistry . " which also applies to royal bloodlines , i guess ...

1 a figure skater once hired a goon to break her main competitor's leg and then went on to win the us figure skating championship of 1994	holy shit ... how old am i ? ?

1 seth macfarlane wrote for cow and chicken , dexters laboratory , i am weasel , jonny bravo and ace ventura : pet detective	: there was an ace ventura tv show !

1 dave chappelle converted to islam in 1998 . he said , " i don ’ t normally talk about my religion publicly because i don ’ t want people to	the ugliness of the comments i just read on this is exactly why he doesn't say it publicly .
2 the truth can be ugly .	whose truth though ?

1 the screenwriter of " cast away " deliberately stranded himself on an isolated beach for a week , to experience how tom hanks ' character would have to search for	this sounds like one of those things that is ... not true .
2 fiction from a fiction writer ? what's next ?	scientology .

1 in 1998 , texan judge jack hampton sentenced a man for 30 years for killing two gay men instead of life requested by the prosecuter . he justified it by	judge might want to have one of his clerks google the " equal protection clause " of the us constitution someday .

1 chloroform isn't good for kidnapping - it takes at least five minutes of inhaling an item soaked in chloroform to render a person unconscious	ya my chemistry teacher proved this to us by grabbing an admin who had just walked through the door and covering their mouth and nose with a rag he had

1 most senior animators at disney chose to work on pocahontas rather than the lion king as many at disney had little faith in the project , leaving mostly first time	lion king is a better movie , but you're out of your mind if you don't think pocahontas has better animation . the " colours of the wind " sequence
2 well you cant go wrong when you make your story an animal version of hamlet .	yeah but everyone thought pocahontas was a sure thing seeing as it was romeo and juliet .
3 it was too preachy though .	seriously . it's like they tried to shove a story into a sermon . they failed !

1 a chemistry grad student accidentally synthesized the chemical mptp and gave himself parkinsonian syndrome while trying to make opioids - accidentally advancing parkinson's research at his own expense	would you rather have parkinson's disease or live in north korea ?

1 russell brand was fired from mtv for dressing up like osama bin laden the day after 9/11 .	that was provably fucking hilarious , it sucks to see so many comments from butt-hurt gringuitos

1 sean connery was offered a contract to play for manchester united , but turned it down to pursue acting	that's not what your mother said , trebek !

1 an mit geek in the 70 ' s convinced a record label he had a band recording an album in la . in reality he mixed the entire thing himself	which makes the seemingly autobiographical story told in their song " rock and roll band " a complete work of fiction .

1 the united states is the only country in the entire world that currently has minors serving life without parole .	i don't give a fuck . they deserve to be there .
2 what an insightful and thoughtful comment . / s	yours wasn't any better

1 there was an octopus in an aquarium that juggled its tankmates , smashed aquarium glass by throwing rocks , and caused short circuits by shooting a jet of water at	nature gives the octopus all this intelligence , and he uses it to be a deuchebag , juggling his mates and what not ...

1 one of america's first serial killers built a maze above a drug store with over 100 windowless rooms , where he would trap , torture , and murder his victims	confound it , holmes !

1 when hitler forced the french to surrender during ww2 he did so on the site where the germans were forced to surrender in ww1 . not only that but he	huh . so it turns out that hitler was actually a little bitch . who knew ?

1 teller ( from penn & teller ) began his silence during his youth when performing for college fraternities . he found that if he was silent , they would stop	i was so happy i got to meet him a couple weeks ago : https://sphotos-a.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash4/303329_4319300832356_1170788975_n.jpg

1 during filming of " super mario bros . " bob haskins ( mario ) and john leguizamo ( luigi ) were so unhappy working on what they knew to be	as a kid , the ending scene where she bursts in and says " mario , luigi , we need your help ! " clearly setting up a sequel made
2 http://smbthecomic.com	so i read this as smbc and i had a wtf about weiner's new artstyle

1 the children of the moken people in thailand and burma are able to see clearly underwater due to their sea based culture . [ video in comments ]	it would be cool if they evolved into homo sapiens acuatis
2 [ gills ! ] ( http://drupal.cdm.dsub.net/sites/default/files/imagecache/full_movie_image/movie_image/Waterworld-gills_0.gif )	[ gill ! ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uhS66VV.jpg )

1 over 1,000 , 000 euros are thrown into the trevi fountain every year . the money is used to subsidize a supermarket for the needy .	i just visited rome three weeks ago and went to visit the fountain at night , and when we got there it was completely drained , under construction , and

1 dolph lundgren was a swedish marine , has a degree in chemical engineering from the royal institute of technology in stockholm , studied at mit and has a rumored iq	dolph lundgren is the result of all of nazi germany's genetic experiments and physical / mental ( though not moral ) ideals shoved into a single tall , blonde ,

1 the actor who portrays the most interesting man in the world lives on a sailboat in marina del ray	y'all know he's dead right ?
2 when did this happen ?	march of last year i believe , prostate cancer , search reddit for it , i saw it on here .
3 i can't find that on anything that isn't a blog / yahoo answers-type site . and they all cite wikipedia , which had taken the information down . and actually	huh ... til

1 patrick stewart , while he was going bald in his teens , believed no woman would ever be interested in him again , and gave up on the idea of	so , you're saying there's a chance ? !

1 a woman named chante mallard hit a homeless man with her car , sending him through her windshield . she drove home , parked her car in her garage &	crazyyyy

1 while nazis killed 6 million jews in ww2 , the imperial japanese slaughtered at least 23 million chinese	you seem to forget that the chinese killed around 60 million chinese people ... how about that ?
2 ah yes , the great leap forward . the plan to quickly convert an agrarian war-torn nation into an industrial one so that they would at least be able to	so what i'm getting from you is ... japan is to blame for the great leap forward ?
3 i bet more chinese were killed in the great leap forward than would have died in any war that you think it prevented .	i don't think it prevented anything , maybe except a larger increase in the population . i was highlighting the fact that / u / theassassintherapist was implying japan is

1 george washington died when his doctors tried to cure his epiglottitis ( i . e . inflamed throat ) with blood letting . he lost more than half his blood	epiglottitis is cured with antibiotics and is otherwise fatal anyway . edit : a tracheotomy would be a solution for the airway collapse that might've / would've caused his death
2 how long does someone live with an open trach , no antibiotics , and no sterile environments ?	yea exactly , not long
3 false . abx aren't typically given for tracheostomies or even slash trachs source : i'm an otolaryngologist	but they do use antiseptic , something which they didn't have on the early 1800s .

1 hacker adrian lamo was asked to demonstrate his abilities for an nbc news segment . he then proceeded to gain access to nbc's internal network . nbc canceled the segment	if you google " adrian lamo " , " hacker " is not one of the terms google auto complete uses to define him , other seems more appropriate .

1 rickman has been with his first girlfriend since 1965 - when he was 19 years old	> in 1965 , at the age of 19 , rickman met 18 - year-old rima horton , who became his first girlfriend and would later be a labour party
2 he dated her for 12 years before moving in with her ?	why not . i give it at least 5 . its a big decision i feel people rush into too quickly . and ive found it can put unexpected pressures
3 make or break , man . if you jump into it then you know from the get go if you can hash it out .	right ? this guy is gonna finish paying off his car before he asks her to move in with him , plus , that's a lot of wasted money and

1 peanuts creator charles m . schulz refused to use a laugh track for a charlie brown christmas . he thought the audience should be able to enjoy the show without	why did op use a picture of modern family for the post ?
2 you can't choose the picture that goes with your article . it's selected from the article or web page you link to ( possibly randomly , although i think it	thanks for explaining that to me . i never got that .

1 it is an offence to say that the golden color of the german flag as " yellow " .	it's yellow .
2 zis is ze german police . open ze door !	zis is ze german coast guard . what are you sinking about ?

1 there was an all girl band that would throw a ' golden condom ' to the audience , and whoever got it , male or female , was taken backstage	that great feeling until the guy realizes the golden condom is a magnum and doesn't fit .
2 magnums are a marketing ploy . they're insignificantly bigger than regs .	not in length , but they have to be in diameter / girth . definitely a lot less snug than trojans , for instance .
3 i used to think i " needed " magnums because regular condoms would feel too constricting and i'd lose my hard-on . then i figured out i just have bad	like ... like ed ?

1 gordon ramsay slept with his boss's wife at his first job out of culinary school .	probably where he got that face .

1 ted bundy , handling his own defense , asked a character witness to marry him during his trial in florida . due to an obscure state law , when she	geez , [ you tube even has the video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GkjfyERs5Jc )

1 one of frank abagnale's ( catch me if you can ) first cons was to buy a security guard costume , and place a sign over a bank drop box	yeah , they wouldn't have put that into the movie . it's funny but it would make him look a little * too * evil , when he was just

1 in the comics , the men in black killed all of their witnesses rather than erasing their memories	does the movie follow the comics or just the general conspiracy theory about " the men in black " ? regardless , i'm sure the government would shoot your face
2 well actually , there is a neurolyser in the comic . it functions pretty similarly to how it does in the movie . but , the agents have full discretion	thank you at least one other person has read the comics . the whole they just kill everyone claim is totally false .

1 australian serial killer ivan milat lost 25kg from a failed hunger strike in prison when he was denied a playstation	oh the things i could tell you about ivan milat , that guy is way beyond cray cray .

1 the " refractory period " men require between sex sessions only applies if he's going back with the same woman .	the question is now : how do i subtly / unoffensively break it to my boyfriend that i want him to learn how to bypass his refractory period ?
2 dunno it'll just have to be the luck of the draw one of these nights . i compare the refractory period to feel similar to that of trying to walk	i compare it to trying to start a car with a flooded engine . wait a couple minutes for the gas to evaporate .

1 mother teresa's supposed " miracle cure " of a woman's abdominal tumor was not a miracle at all . the patient's doctors and husband said she was cured because she	no shit ?

1 it would take 375,000 2x2 lego bricks stacked on top of each other to break the bottom brick	not possible . the tower become unstable at 374,999 bricks high .
2 that's the least of your worries . who the fuck is going to afford 375,000 lego bricks ? might as well use solid gold at that point .	[ well lego made bricks out of gold so ... ] ( http://www.brickenvy.com/ProductImages/482/BIG/BIG/BIG/482.jpg )

1 windows included solitaire in windows to teach people how to drag and drop .	it's a tiny article , but you linked the wrong section . it's part of history
2 actually he did it on purpose . it was already linked a month ago and you can't repost direct links . so op just linked to a different part of	/ r / karmaconspiracy

1 : beastie boys mike d wore a chain with a 4 - inch ( 10cm ) vw emblem which inspired so many thefts that volkswagen offered free replacements for all	a kid on my school bus sold me one for $ 4 . i didn't have a chain to wear it on . not that that was really my style

1 an anime called ghost stories did so poorly in japan , that when it was voiced in english , the voice actors were given free rein on the script .	man , i was wondering what the japanese subs would of been like , i loved that show just for all its insane crude humor . i always thought the

1 , in the aftermath of katrina , the neighboring town of gretna , whose levies held , turned away refugees from new orleans at gunpoint	as a westbanker ( gretna is on the westbank of the ms river ) , i know first hand about the people getting turned away . if you couldn't show
2 almost nothing actually happened at the thunderdome , it was all media hysteria . nobody was murdered and there were 2 sexual assaults and no rapes .	that's 2 more sexual assaults then should have happened .

1 alexander i of yugoslavia refused to attend public events on tuesdays after three family members died on that day of the week . after finally being forced to appear on	tuesdays , the second monday of the week , amirite ?
2 yeah , last saturday i thought it was sunday , turns out it was thursday , how's that for a tuesday ? talk about the worst monday ever , wednesday	here , you forgot friday .

1 in sumo wrestling , the judge wears a sword as a part of his uniform to show his willingness to commit seppuku should he make a mistake	hmm ... i recall a british kid who fucked up the female fencing competition during the olympics .

1 hypatia , the first well known woman mathematician , was murdered by a mob of christians who ripped off her skin with sharp tiles and seashells .	incredibly complex historical account in which you take a single line to provoke a response of anger / excitement / anything from the reddit community . so , all i
2 i'm confused . are we missing some historical context which might make it justified for her to be murdered by an angry mob ?	not justified , but explaining it somewhat . there was a lot of political tension back then , i think between patriarch and king . hypatia , iirc , kind

1 comedian andy kauffman would threaten to read passages from the great gatsby if hecklers got too rowdy . in addition to often following through , he would then ask if	op , if you haven't seen it , there's a pretty good biopic about him starring jim carrey . this is featured as a scene in the movie , and
2 very good , even if you hate jim carrey ( which not a lot of people do anymore , since he's come around as a legitimate actor ) .	i actually didn't like him before this movie . it totally changed my mind .

1 the writer of american beauty , six feet under and true blood , alan ball was sued by quentin tarantino over over the " obnoxious pterodactyl-like screams " ball's collection	six feet under is an amazing show , i'm on season two right now .
2 oh and it gets so much better .. ball really is an amazing writer . he went to high school with my dad , who was one of the only	he really is , but it is kind of sad to watch true blood , which all in all is a good show , and realize how much of his

1 4chan tracked down the identity of a cat abuser after the 14 y / o uploaded a video on youtube resulting in his arrest	4chan is like batman and the joker stuck in the same body
2 [ abradolf lincler ? ] ( http://i.imgur.com/VAeXKm5l.jpg )	* get ready to be emancipated out of you inferior genes ! *

1 while nazis killed 6 million jews in ww2 , the imperial japanese slaughtered at least 23 million chinese	seriously hollywood , you're missing an entire genre of obligatory oscar mentions .

1 during wwi , albert i , the king of belgium , fought alongside his troops while his wife , queen elisabeth , worked as a nurse at the front .	if only politicians and their families today fought in the wars that they start .
2 the germans started ww1 , not the british	man ... i usually like reddit , but ( til especially ) a lot of redditors seem to have basically no knowledge of history , and despite their claims that
3 to be fair , the american mass media and entertainment overwhelmingly depict germans at all times in a negative light . they are always a " safe bet " for	yeah , i see your point , but for people that pride themselves on " logic " and " reason " they sure seem to mercilessly downvote and insult people

1 while in the military mr . t was ordered to cut down trees as a punishment by a sergeant . he cut down 70 trees in 3 1/2 hours before	70 trees / 210 minutes . holy shit . one tree every three minutes .
2 but how big were the trees ? and what did he cut them down with ?	6 feet tall , rpg
3 is he that fast at reloading ? or does he just have 70 rpgs ?	have you * seen * the a-team ? ?

1 north american beavers cannot breed with european beavers , and that the result of more than 27 attempts was a single stillborn kit .	so not killer bee-avers ?

1 the seconds hands in train station clocks in switzerland run 1.7 % faster , then stop for an extra second at the top of the minute ( as they are	meanwhile , my amtrak train is 90 minutes late again
2 call amtrak after and say you missed ( whatever really important thing you were heading to ) and they'll likely give you a ticket voucher . since the trains are	must be just about the only thing about amtrak that is .

1 author j k rowling wrote the final chapter of the last harry potter book in ' something like 1990 ' , seven years before the release of the first book	i was more upset by fred's death than any other death in any other book .
2 me too . i've always wanted twins to just be treated like two individuals , as i'm a twin . so part of me really respects jk rowling for breaking	maybe they are jewish , so he had to give her a child to keep the memory of his brother .

1 the writing staff of futurama held three ph . d . s , seven masters degrees , and cumulatively had more than 50 years at harvard	that doesn't surprise me at all ...

1 mark wahlberg ( aka marky mark ) committed a number of unprovoked assaults , many of which were racial in nature , and one of which permanently blinded his victim	today i learned how much i hate reposts ...

1 the us women's national team has finished in 1st , 2nd or 3rd in every fifa world cup	why isn't this more popular ? i saw it for the first time women were falling and getting back up . not wasting any time like the men do .

1 the 15 minute chimes on big ben have lyrics : all through this hour / lord be my guide / and by thy power / no foot shall slide	i think more cities need clock towers with bells in them that play their own unique chimes .

1 on april 17 , 1998 , bo outlaw recorded 25 points , 13 rebounds , and 10 assists in a 121-109 win over the new jersey nets . after the	i ordered ' double double burger ' and they gave me ' double double double double burger ' .
2 the " double double burger " is the best and top-selling buger at in n ' out burger . yum ... double double animal style . no in n out	its probably too mainstream for a city like portland

1 a women fabricated a story about being on the 78th floor of the south wtc after it was hit . she became the president of the wtc survivors network .	while i think that this is unfortunate , it doesn't devalue the wtc survivors network .

1 before realizing his true potential in comedy , will ferrell worked as a teller at wells fargo ; apparently he lost close to $ 600 in his first two days	actually , it's quite easy to make an error especially when you're new . source : i used to be a teller .

1 the beastie boys coined the term " mullet " to refer to a hairstyle in 1994 in their song " mullet head " . no earlier use of the term	something else that's cool about beastie boys is that they are quoted 9 times in the oxford english dictionary . source : http://blog.oxforddictionaries.com/2012/05/beastie-boys-lyrics-in-the-oed/
2 truly the modern shakespeare .	nah , i think that honor goes to the simpsons .

1 patrick stewart lost all his hair at 18 and believed that no woman would ever be interested in him again	define : wrong

1 shaquille o'neal is a freemason	okay , the fucking flairs need to stop .

1 during a us nuclear test , a 2000 lb steel plate was blasted off the top of a test shaft at a speed of 41 miles / second . that	2000lbs steel plate leaves atmosphere at nearly mach 200 gets gravity sling-shot boost from jupiter on its way out of solar system careens through galaxy for centuries takes out capital
2 i have a standing order to up-vote any reference to starship troopers ... the best unintendedly good movie of all time .	what makes you say it was unintentionally good ? it's a classic verhoeven in the mold of robocop and total recall .

1 actor matthew broderick killed 2 women due to careless driving in 1987 while on holiday in ireland . he was ordered to pay $ 175 and served no time in	i hope that the families at least split the cash at $ 87.50 each , otherwise that would be a gross miscarriage of justice .
2 miscarriage of justice will be my new band name .	[ they already exist ] ( http://www.natkomusic.com/miscarriage-of-justice-band.html ) .

1 the word " armageddon " comes from the hebrew " har megiddo " meaning " mount of megiddo " and referring to the place where the book of revelation claims	ive been there . it felt oddly real .

1 " serenity " was the first high definition movie to be cracked and torrented .	ironically , it's the only movie i've purchased since probably 2002 .
2 it's the only movie i owned on umd .	probably the only movie * anyone * owns on umd

1 for his role in animal house , donald sutherland was offered $ 35k + 15 % of the film's gross . thinking the film would be a flop , sutherland	tough break , but i am sure he doesn't need it anyway .

1 mark wahlberg had a very troubled youth and was once convicted of attempted murder , attacked a man leaving him blind and was addicted to cocaine at the age of	i knew there was a good reason for him to be my least favorite actor .

1 christopher nolan's interstellar is the only film in the top 10 worldwide box office of 2014 to be wholly original--not a reboot , remake , sequel , or part of	my favourite movie of the year .
2 i dug it . i dug grand budapest hotel a little more . i also dug guardians of the galaxy . oh , and chef . i dug chef .	you see whiplash ? whiplash was tense , yo . you see under the skin ? it was weird , yo .

1 thad roberts , a nasa intern , spent 7 years in federal prison after having sex with his girlfriend on a bed full of stolen moon rocks .	i read that as , " thad roberts , a nasa intern , spent 7 years in federal prison having sex with his girlfriend on a bed full of stolen

1 terry pratchett loved half life 2 and was an avid gamer .	/ r / gamingcirclejerk

1 john harvey kellogg , inventor of corn flakes , advocated circumcision of young boys ( without anesthetic ) , and the application of acid to the clitorises of young girls	you ruined corn flakes for me .

1 filming for rage against the machine's " sleep now in the fire " music video forced the new york stock exchange to shut its gates after band members attempted to	15 year old me thought it was badass . 31 year old me still likes the song , but realizes that they didn't actually accomplish anything besides selling more records
2 and capitalism wins again .	we live in a capitalist society - if you want to accomplish anything it's going to have to use capitalist methods one way or another , even if that goal

1 in 1898 bayer introduced diacetylmorphine , marketed as a cure for morphine addiction and cough suppressant . the drug is better known by its trade name , heroin .	our pharmacy teacher told us the story of its discovery ( dunno if it is true though ) . after scientists extracted and started to use salicylic acid they noticed
2 actually heroin just becomes morphine inside your body . so you are technically still addicted to morphine , just in a different form , and it passes the blood brain	that's where the name heroin comes from ; it's a portmanteau of " heroic morphine . " the fact that it gets into your brain faster is what makes it

1 every starting hand in texas hold'em has a nickname	translation : some wikipedia geeks invented names for every hand .
2 not sure why you got downvoted . i play poker and have seen numerous poker shows and haven't heard of almost all of these . some are certainly made up	well , that turned things around . hope you are getting the runoff upvotes you deserve .

1 back in the 60 ' s a bisexual boxer emile griffith was called a faggot by his opponent . emile responded by beating the man to death in the ring	i find that calling a boxer a faggot is * never * a good idea , the same is true for anybody who could potentially be a boxer at some
2 i find that killing a person for a verbal slight , being a murderer , is * never * a good idea .	with the benefit of hindsight , sure . in the heat of the moment ? * oh you are so dead . * edit : some internet people don't get
3 murder is murder . being insulted with a word doesn't excuse that .	you get internet access in that ivory tower of yours ? cool !

1 jack benny's will arranged for a single long-stemmed red rose to be delivered to his widow every day for the rest of her life	ahh , a daily sweet reminder not to get on with your life . how cute .

1 foster's home for imaginary friends won 7 emmy's .	at first i was shocked , but then i remembered how great that show was !
2 it was a good show . sadly , i feel like most of the newer shows such and all of the stuff that i feel was good isn't shown anymore	this is the way i felt until i actually stopped and watched some of them . have you ever seen adventure time or the regular show ? genius .
3 these are the second and best cartoons on tv right now , after archer , imo .	[ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/mylittlepony/ ) i would agree that adventure time is awesome , but regular show ... eh . when korra comes out , it's going to blow

1 emma stone's low-pitched husky voice is a result of having baby colic , a condition of constant screaming as an infant .	her voice is low

1 shirley phelps-roper ( westboro baptist church ) is banned from entering the uk for " fostering extremism or hatred " .	makes me proud to be in the uk . and makes me feel safer .
2 banning someone who exercises her right to free speech makes you feel proud ?	she may be " exercising her right to free speech " but when that " free speech " it is hateful and non-progressive why should we have to put up

1 on a small pacific island in 1917 , the entire population of men died except one . this remaining man proclaimed himself " king " , thus beginning an orgy	10/10 would orgy again

1 the body mass index ( bmi ) was created for a social statistics experiment , and was never intended to be an indicator of health .	bmi says i'm a healthy weight . i'm not a healthy weight . bmi is bad .

1 since it's inception , only 2 teams have won the super bowl after losing the super bowl the previous year : the dallas cowboys lost in 1971 and went on	you've got to refer to the super bowls by their season year , not calendar year . i was all , " nobody beat the dolphins in 1972 . "

1 hunter s . thompson shaved his head while running for sheriff of pitkin county , colorodo so he could refer to the republican candidate as " my long haired opponent	even though i already knew this , i laughed a good laugh . :)

1 kaley cuoco was once a nationally ranked amateur tennis player . she started at the age of 3 and gave it up at 16 .	fap

1 the creator of cowboy bebop was told to make a show to sell spaceship toys , with the instructions , " so long as there's a spaceship in it ,	http://i.imgur.com/LZDpO51.gif
2 * see you space cowboy *	http://i.imgur.com/OyeXZ.png
3 well that was heartbreaking . i was expecting chicken tendies	see you space tendie

1 1930 ' s starlet hedy lamarr invented a new technology to stop nazi's from jamming navy torpedoes , but the idea was rejected until 1962 and implemented during the cold	you forgot to mention the borg .

1 : battleships are obsolete and all have been decommissioned worldwide .	i'm surprised this isn't common knowledge to be honest . i do think that battleships are ten times cooler than today's destroyers and frigates though .
2 what is it about battleships that makes them obsolete compared to destroyers and frigates ?	the cost . they weren't called * * capital * * ships for nothing

1 for yao ming's first game in miami in 2002 , the heat gave out 8,000 fortune cookies as a promotion for the game . yao did not take offense because	1 ) they are american--invented in california 2 ) they're " suppose " to be japanese , not chinese . a really weird promotion all around .
2 they're based off japanese rice crackers , but i've never seen a fortune cookie in japanese restaurants--only chinese .	i believe the first place in america to start regularly using fortune cookies was the japanese tea garden in san francisco , then they kind of took off from there

1 the phil hasn't missed a single game in 4 seasons . what a beast .	if he gets injured next season ... 100 % your fault . i hope you know that now

1 john wilkes booth's brother , edwin booth , saved the life of abraham lincoln's son , robert lincoln .	i've been telling this story for a while now on reddit . i learned it from one of the subsitute teachers when i was in 4th grade . the sons
2 in high school i used to have a history teacher who would read us paul harvey stories everyday . this was one of the stories i remember him telling us	there's always that one teacher in school who actually wants you to learn . did yours use superheroes to help teach you ?

1 because they make over 300 million small rubber tires each year , lego is considered the world's # 1 tire manufacturer	i bet they get tired of talking about this .

1 the de facto leader of libya , muammar al-gaddafi , has a 40 - member bodyguard contingent , known as the amazonian guard , which is entirely female . all	gaddafi is a real world bond villan . he must be reery ronry all the time .

1 only 39 nuclear workers die on the job annually , compared with 6,400 coal workers . every year an additional 24,000 are killed by lung disease and 40,000 by heart	inaccurate title . there were 39 deaths over the period of 22 years , from 1970 to 1992 , averaging ~ 1.8 deaths per year for nuclear . fixed for
2 [ some claim that deaths as a result of the immediate aftermath of the chernobyl disaster and the cleanup operation alone may number at least 6000 . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deaths_due_to_the_Chernobyl_disaster	funny how the only two really bad nuclear accidents in the 20th century happened in the soviet union . i wonder what that's about .

1 many sources , including the us army and les stroud , advise against drinking your own piss	better drink my own piss anyway .

1 billie piper ( the actress who played rose tyler in doctor who ) divorced from her wealthy husband , she opted not to claim any money from him , stating	i wish america had the same mentality . fortunately in texas it's hard to get alimony .

1 doctor who was originally an educational show , with episodes set in the future to teach kids about science , and episodes set in the past to teach them history	the van gogh episode educated me to the fact i am not the emotionless robot i thought i was . * what is this salty water leaking from my eyes
2 same , when amy started crying in the gallery i was a mess of a person .	a bowl of onions were conveniently placed near me when van gogh started to cry in the museum .
3 or , you know , you cried . nothing that would make you less of a man to admit .	right ? i get the need to fit in with the reddit in-jokes but this one alway feels so * forced * .

1 in bram stokers original novel , dracula is not killed by sunlight . he just becomes weaker .	this fact is also mentioned in coppola's film version of dracula . gary oldman / dracula is filmed walking around during the daytime while the narrator corrects the modern misconception

1 the metallica album " load " is in fact a picture of blood and semen under plexiglass . re-load being blood and urine .	... and is an accurate portrayal of how metallica at this point had decided to " suck balls " .
2 no no no . that's when the black album came out .	oh when they got the most money and fame ? predictable .

1 members of the russian mafia would tattoo of lenin , marx , and engels on their chest or vital organs because firing squads could not shoot images of ussr's founding	~ ~ neither lenin , marx , or engels founded the ussr . ~ ~ neither marx nor engels founded the ussr .
2 i'm pretty sure lenin was the founder of the soviet union .	so he was . well cut me some slack i'm really tired and probably shouldn't be posting anyway . my point still stands though because while lenin was one of
3 very true . sorry if i came off as hostile , i'm in a lot of pain and anxious about going to the hospital today .	no , you were very right to say that . i hope , whatever it is for which you have to go to the hospital that it will get better

1 crows are monogamous and raise families together . offspring from previous seasons even remain with the family to help rear new nestlings .	crows have been observed using tools and are emotional animals , too . they react to hunger and invasion by vigorously vocalizing their feelings . they display happiness , anger
2 i'm about 80 % certain i saw some crows making fun of one of their comrades the other day . a crow messed up while trying to dive at something	i'm starting to think crows will rule the world one day

1 dr . phil does not have an active licence to practice psychology , and the california board of psychology determined that he does not require one because his show involves	well that's good to know , and the fact that judge judy pays each of her people who come on the show 5,000 dollars no matter what the out come

1 brad pitt was banned from ever entering china because of his role in seven years in tibet .	edward norton must be pissed .
2 i'm sure there are a number of compton neighborhoods edward norton would do well to consider himself " banned from " . not everyone gets the moral of american history	wasn't it venice beach ? those are different , right ? i'm from nebraska .

1 when a suicide bomber tried to enter an israeli supermarket , the security guard stopped her and said , " you will not enter the market . you and i	the last bit is what got me really angry ! > in a prerecorded video , ayat akhras said she was sacrificing herself for the al-aqsa mosque . her father
2 > rumored	just last month a woman was beaten to death in the streets of são paulo because she was rumored to be a witch , and that was são paulo .
3 a person is smart . people are dumb , panicky dangerous animals and you know it .	fifteen hundred years ago everybody knew the earth was the center of the universe . five hundred years ago , everybody knew the earth was flat , and fifteen minutes

1 walt disney's last written words were " kurt russell " - and no one knows why . kurt russell was a child-actor working for disney at the time , having	" kurt russell - don't let him make tango and cash "
2 tango and cash is amazing . " i see you're not into counting calories . maybe you were too busy counting the money you were paid to set us up	it's a national treasure

1 when yao ming played his first game in miami , the heat promoted the game by passing out 8,000 fortune cookies . yao wasn't offended because he had never seen	and yao assumed right .
2 iirc the tradition was actually started by japanese immigrants in their restaurants here and somehow it turned into a " chinese " thing .	yep - they may have even originated in japan , albeit in a slightly different form where the fortune was wedged into the cookie's bend instead of hidden inside :

1 in the 1990s , apple co-founder steve wozniak submitted so many high scores for tetris to nintendo power they would no longer print them , so he started sending them	nerd for life

1 in the late devonian period ( during the evolution of terrestrial plants ) , there was a ' wood crisis ' . trees became abundant , took co2 out of	this is where oil and coal come from ; the lignin and cellulose from this huge tree population was not broken down and formed these strata . this is why

1 singapore has the world's highest percentage of millionaires , with one out of every six households having at least $ 1,000 , 000 us dollars in disposable wealth .	...

1 during a tour of germany in 1958 , groucho marx climbed a pile of rubble that marked the site of adolf hitler's bunker , the site of hitler's death ,	this is the sole reason i am a marxist . edit : why would i belong to any club that would take me as a member ?

1 a building in vancouver , b . c . has air horns that play the first four notes of " o canada " everyday at noon	the only thing in the area are tall buildings . as a guy who works in one of them , i don't hear it anymore but my subconscious think "

1 in 1974 egyptologists observed ramesses ii's mummy's condition was rapidly deteriorating and flew it to paris for examination . he was issued an egyptian passport that listed his occupation as	a guillotine ?
2 you people with your jokes are killing the discussion on this forum	actually it's the people upvoting the jokes .

1 the inventor of the . zip format died of a peppermint schnapps overdose	sad . another talented person taken out by alcohollism

1 peeling a roll of scotch tape in a vacuum can generate x-rays .	if you pull scotch tape very fast in a completely dark room it will emit light .

1 the u . s . does not use bills over $ 100 because president nixon wanted to make it harder to move large amounts of money across borders for drug	silly nixon . big banks will do that for you .

1 subway's most popular sandwich , the italian bmt , is named for ' brooklyn manhattan transit ' , literally a subway	subway's most popular sandwich is the italian bmt ..
2 well the source article is 10 years old .	literally the only sandwich i've ever purchased at subway . it's just the best .
3 but if it's the only one you've ever purchased , then how do you know it's the best ?	because i am blessed with friends and family who offer me bites of their inferior sandwiches , free of charge .

1 billie piper ( the actress who played rose tyler in doctor who ) divorced from her wealthy husband , she opted not to claim any money from him , stating	her ex-husband is one of the most famous people in the uk , having been prominent on tv and radio for around 20 years . his life story is very
2 > he explained how he had wooed her in 2000 with a ferrari full of roses after buying the luxury car just one hour before .	dumbass - all you needed was a leather jacket , phone booth , and some lsd . edit : in no way should this be taken as a dr .
3 there's a village near where i live that still has a genuine blue police box .	just let that old box gather dust .

1 the current afc west ( broncos , chiefs , chargers , raiders ) has the longest in-division rivalry in football	well we do have the most super bowl wins , playoff berths , division titles , and best record . so we all know who the superior team is .
2 * was * ftfy	did another team surpass these accomplishments ? no ? then present tense is appropriate .

1 in the original jurassic park novel , ian malcolm and john hammond die and the group that gets off the island are all detained by the us / costa rican	spoilers

1 in order to evade internet censorship in china , people used to refer to the events that took place at tiananmen square on june 4 , 1989 as " may	as someone who spent last summer studying abroad in china , living with a host family , and going to chinese high scool , it was fascinating to see how
2 i had a chinese foreign exchange student at my high school and one of my friends printed out a wikipedia article of the tiananmen square incident and he refused to	eh , i had an american friend who refused to believe anything about evolution . it's not representative of the country ( at least i hope not ) .

1 the # 1 high school in the us , thomas jefferson high school for science and technology , in which 2/3 of the student body is asian but only <	thomas jefferson is not , and has not been the # 1 high school in the country for a few years now ... its a sore topic with them .

1 lego has no military related sets because the inventor's policy was to not want to make war seem like child's play	did everyone forget how menacingly realistic [ this badboy ] ( http://puu.sh/e0GM1/e178a96d79.jpg ) was ?
2 now they have these [ newfangled ] ( http://i.ebayimg.com/00/s/NzM4WDkyOA==/z/3W4AAMXQlgtSxWnc/$_35.JPG ) ones that actually shoot the stud .	what black magic is this ! evil ! evil i tell you ! how dare they change my childhood !

1 in 2004 a texas man was put to death for killing his family in an arson attack . the jailhouse snitch has admitted he lied , and top scientists /	" we'd rather kill a thousand innocent men than let one guilty man spend life in prison . " - texas state motto
2 i always thought it was " everything is bigger in texas "	that's for the kids and tourists .

1 the pronghorn , an american antelope , is the second-fastest land animal in the world and likely evolved to outrun the now extinct american cheetah .	there used to be an [ american cheetah ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_cheetah ) . also , that it might have looked surprisingly like a mountain lion with spots .

1 there is no proof of photographic memory	bob has pornographic memories

1 superman compresses his spine when he is clark kent so he is shorter . this helps prevent people from discovering clark kent = superman .	i always liked clark kent as a disguise . people don't see someone who looks vaugely like a famous celebrity and shout look it's phill collins !

1 when washoe , first chimp to use sign language , was told that her caretaker's baby had died , she signed " cry " , touching her cheek and drawing	these apes are people . they're not animals , they're non-human persons who should be treated as such .

1 when former president teddy roosevelt died in his sleep in 1919 , thomas r . marshall , the sitting vice-president , said " death had to take roosevelt sleeping ,	he's like a real-life ron swanson . this guy was so bad-ass that he delivered a campaign speech [ after having just been shot ] ( http://www.theclymb.com/stories/out-there/4-true-stories-prove-teddy-roosevelt-toughest-person-ever/ )
2 i'm pretty sure ron swanson was based off of him . ironically ron swanson loves capitalism , which teddy roosevelt notoriously fought against .	ron is like teddy plus reagan

1 christopher nolan's interstellar is the only film in the top 10 worldwide box office of 2014 to be wholly original--not a reboot , remake , sequel , or part of	originality - this is what i crave in movie plots now .
2 * * grand budapest hotel * *	* * her * *

1 the earliest piece of great literature , the epic of gilgamesh , includes a story in which gilgamesh is told to build a ship to save the animals of the	epic flood stories are very common in many cultures .
2 when i was in church that was used as evidence that the flood actually happened .	it may be evidence that a flood actually happened , but a worldwide flood ? there was no culture with a worldwide reach at the time , so how would
3 i meant to reply to you instead of parent post . i wonder if any stories survived the evolutionary jumps from homo erectus to homo sapiens . what about the	the zanclean flood is theorized to have refilled the mediterranean sea some 5.33 million years ago , whereas the earliest documented members of the genus homo , homo habilis ,

1 cats kidneys are so efficient that they can drink salt water ( sea water ) to rehydrate themselves	unironically , cats also are very likely to have kidney failure at old age .
2 because cats are fickle about where they drink . the pee brains would rather dehydrate themselves then drink from what their tiny little cute heads think is bad water .	it's about what they perceive as fresh water . cat's are absolutely fascinated with flowing water . leave your bathroom sink on a slow trickle and it's like you shined
3 also you can buy water dishes with small pumps to make a water stream for them to drink from .	that's what i've done for my cat . $ 10 ( cad ) at walmart . it pumps the water up through a hole in the middle of the dish

1 steve mcqueen when he would sign up for a movie , would demand from the studio bulk amounts of jeans , electric razors , and other men's things , so	oh , for a second i thought this was about the director steve mcqueen .
2 he's pretty cool too , but he's no steve mcqueen .	could god ever make a steve mcqueen so cool that even steve mcqueen wouldn't be as cool as him ?

1 bill maher has said that selling marijuana allowed him to make enough money to get through cornell and enter comedy .	i assert ( with no proof whatsoever ) that selling pot has put more people through college than any other single profession .

1 while alpha male australian giant cuttlefish are busy fighting cross-dressing males sneak in for sexy time with the females	you watched " under the sea " narrated by jim carrey , didn't you ? ?
2 yes .	the imax dome version ?

1 andrew carnegie would be worth a net total of $ 298.3 billion dollars in today's currency , and believed that it was the rich's duty to distribute their wealth to	in other words he fell far short of the buffet plege .
2 > carnegie died on august 11 , 1919 , in lenox , massachusetts of bronchial pneumonia . he had already given away $ 350,695 , 653 ( approximately $ 4.8	try writing . the buffet pledge is to give away 50 % of your assets . last i checked $ 4 billion didn't measure up to half of 200 odd

1 : when asked about atheists pope francis replied " they are our valued allies in the commitment to defending human dignity , in building a peaceful coexistence between peoples and	i had to read that many times . dad says i'm just angry at god and going to hell . his pastor says i've lost the way of god but
2 * * don't be a dick * * is a good way to live whether or not there is a god or heaven or hell .	we should make a new church , the don't be a dick church
3 i'm secretly a member of the church of the [ wyld stallyns ] ( http://i.imgur.com/JXbxhAi.gif ) .	be excellent to each other .

1 the beatles have sold more records than bob marley , tupac shakur , nirvana , the beach boys and kanye west combined by over 30 million units	the smartest business decision michael jackson ever made was buying the music publishing company atv which held the rights to the beatles songs . in 1985 he bought the company
2 some beatles fans ( like myself ) hate him for it because he outbid mccartney . mccartney and jackson were close friends and jackson knew that mccartney was trying to	punk'd on massive scale .

1 when queen wanted to release " bohemian rhapsody " , various executives told them that a song with a length of 5 minutes and 55 seconds was too long and	party on garth
2 party on wayne	shwing
3 i love you , man !	uh , yeah , you too man .

1 alan tudyk ( aka wash from firefly ) , along with adam baldwin and nathan fillion voiced marines in halo 3 . these marines had personalities based on the three	never watched firefly , but i'm pretty sure his best role was steve the pirate

1 the 2008 film ' rambo ' provided a huge morale boost to the karen freedom fighters in burma , who even adopted dialogue from the movie ( most notably "	it replaced their prior favorite - simple jack .

1 bill nye holds a patent for ballet pointe shoes	if he has gotten turned down as a nasa astronaut what kind of chance do i have ?

1 liam neeson turned down being bond because he was " not interested in starring in action movies " .	how about this : liam neeson as bond ... * wait for it * ... villain , opposite of daniel craig . get chris nolan to write / direct and

1 guillermo del toro and hbo are collaborating to come out with a pilot for a live-action tv series based on monster ( anime ) and producer stephen thompson ( doctor	welp , i have a new anime to watch and it seems like it has a fair amount of episodes ! i love anime that have around 50-75 episodes (

1 taurine , a common ingredient in energy drinks , was first isolated from the bile of an ox , but now is synthesized in labs . cat food is required	so what you're saying is that i should give my cat a red bull , got it .
2 what i take from it is that i should stop buying $ 3 redbulls and start snacking on 79 cent cat food .	supermarkets in the uk give you an option . £ 1.35 red bulls or cheap imitations that do the same job anywhere from 35p to 72p . genius .
3 " the same job " = a heart attack ?	i prefer the term pulse vacation

1 , on his deathbed , aldous huxley asked his wife for acid and she obliged him .	i heard him speak once . one thing that he said that sticks in my mind is that he found that the secret of life was to stand on a
2 picking my nose as i read that . good enough .	yep . good enough .

1 british troops used over 72 million amphetamine tablets during wwii	that could explain things like long term genetic effects and rowan atkinson

1 the scrubs episode which poked fun at multi-camera sitcoms won an emmy for " outstanding multi-camera picture editing " .	i'll just add this to the list of why scrubs is the best show that's been on television in a looong time .
2 i love scrubs . absolutely love it . 30 rock and community are / have been as good .	don't forget arrested development .
3 ok , so i'm watching arrested development with my wife for the 1st time . just finished season 1 . let me just say that i don't really find it	you complain that arrested development has outrageous situations ... but better off ted doesn't ? what ?

1 pedialyte has become popular for people suffering from hangovers , and as a result of a 57 % increase in its use by adults since 2012 , pedialyte has begun	it's better to just prevent a hangover . eat food and drink water with your alcoholic beverages .
2 exactly . how about you measure your drinks and not succumb to peer pressure .	but wouldnt listening to you be succumbing to peer pressure ?

1 both the united kingdom and canada have banned the westboro baptist church from entering their countries .	is there an eli 5 for the whole baptist church thing ?

1 the first blood ( rambo ) book ends with rambo committing suicide . this ending was filmed for the movie but decided against .	would have been pretty hard to retcon for the sequels .
2 ooh , i'll try ! he dodged the bullet just in time - or - a side effect of agent orange is cellular regeneration under juuust the right conditions .	or it was all just a dream .

1 on most cars ' gas gauges , there is an arrow pointing to the side that the fuel filler opening is on .	for something thats in your face every time you drive , this is sad that so many people don't know this . plus , you could just remember what side

1 not a single cactus grows in the sahara , as cacti are native only to the americas .	itt : kickstarter to plant cacti in sahara is born !

1 dr . phil's current wife is his second marriage . his first wife , an ex-cheerleader and homecoming queen , claimed dr . phil was domineering and confined her to	he also used his title as dr . to endorse weight loss products that didn't work . he is not a medical doctor . i hate this guy and anyone
2 he's a doctor the way dr . krieger is a doctor .	the way dr . dre is a doctor .
3 the way dr . pepper is a doctor that heals you .	useless info : pepsi was named because it was promoted as a cure for dyspepsia .

1 of the wereth 11 , a group of eleven black soldiers separated from their battalion during the first few days of the battle of the bulge . even though the	important to notice that this happened on all sides .
2 the british and americans were torturing pows , and rounding up thousands of civilians and murdering them ?	well in the pacific the americans had a habit of shooting japanese that were trying to surrender , and then sometimes removing body parts like their heads . in at

1 a japanese innkeeper accused a student of stealing the fumes of his cooking . the judge resolved the matter ruling that the price of the smell of food is the	studio ghibli presents : the smell keeper

1 south africans call traffic lights " robots " .	die antwoord ?

1 there is a waterfall in minnesota called the devil's kettle that empties half its contents into a sinkhole . the outlet has yet to be found .	sounds like a job for the discovery channel . at least it would be more interesting than ufos and guys looking for gold africa . maybe jamie hyneman or adam

1 jehovah's witnesses have falsely predicted the end of the world 20 times .	if you really wanna throw them for a loop , ask how many people the jws believe get into heaven . then ask how many jw members there are .
2 after a pinch of research . allowed into heaven : * * 144,000 * * - - - total members in jw : * * 7,960 , 000 * *	true , but they believe they will be resurrected and live forever on the earth after it has been transformed into a paradise if they are not part of the
3 is there any scientific theory or evidence that supports their claim or is literally just pulled out thin air ?	lol

1 consuming asparagus affects the smell of urine , but only 22 % of the population have the gene to smell it	what about tuna ? once during a poor streak , i ate nothing but ( canned ) tuna for breakfast and lunch , my urine stank to high heaven of
2 i don't understand this ... canned tuna is actually pretty expensive ...	not at the dollar general in milwaukee that i stole it from , it wasn't .

1 speedy gonzales was fully removed from cartoon network due to racial stereotypes until fans--including large hispanic organizations--demanded he return	it's not like there's a plethora of hispanic characters out there to begin with . just speedy , slow poke , and dora .

1 the mythological cyclops possibly originated from natives from mediterranean islands finding the prehistoric remains of extinct dwarf elephants , whose skull was only twice the size of humans and whose	so instead of horrifying giant people they were cute tiny elephants ? twist ending !

1 a german study found women cry on average between 30 and 64 times a year , and men cry on average between 6 and 17 times per year .	i haven't cried since my parents divorced when i was 6 . i'm 21 . ^ ( send help )

1 while in the military mr . t was ordered to cut down trees as a punishment by a sergeant . he cut down 70 trees in 3 1/2 hours before	> while reading * national geographic , * mr . t first noticed the unusual hairstyle for which he is now famous , on a mandinka warrior . just imagine
2 with an unremarkable , sensible haircut .	i like to imagine him in a full suit under the blanket too and he just emerged as mr . t like a beautiful butterfly from a cocoon .
3 " am i a butterfly who dreams of being mr . t , or mr . t who dreamt of being a butterfly ? "	oh zhuangzi , how i had no idea that guy from black butler wasn't op .

1 the production team of lord of war bought 3000 real ak - 47s because they were cheaper than prop guns .	great movie . that's a shocking statistic though .

1 a cosmonaut was the first to marry in space , despite his wife not being present , because he utilized a provision in texas marriage law that allows for one	cosmonaut is soviet . astronaut is filthy capitalist texan .
2 the article does indeed say cosmonaut . . .	then the article used the wrong terminology .

1 one theory on why we are ticklish is that it serves as a mechanism for developing combat skills . most often practiced from parent to child , tickling activates vulnerable	maaaaaaan fuck tickling .

1 when a factory worker from wonka was asked about the production of nerds candy , he said " basically we start off with a sugar crystal and we just keep	do i need to read a release form to view this ?

1 as a kid , ryan gosling enjoyed seeing rambo : first blood so much that he brought steak knives to school and threw them at other children	* drive * was simply a reenactment of ryan's childhood . didn't you know ?
2 a real human being ...	* and a real hero ... *
3 i'll just leave [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/0FnAp.jpg ) here	aw man , i guess i was the only one who thought there was a lot of subtext and unspoken conversation through the eyes in those silent pauses .

1 some wolf handlers will not enter captive wolf enclosures if they have a cold or other vulnerability because the wolves can smell it and are more likely to attack .	i_can_breathe , all of your posts made me lol . :D

1 the flavour " blackcurrant " is largely unknown to people in the united states , due to a ban on the berry in the early 1900s .	have never heard of it until i read this topic earlier this afternon . a few hours later i went to the grocery store like normal , and of course

1 actor and comedian rob riggle was a marine for 23 years , was a lieutenant colonel , and has received a combat award for his service in kosovo , afghanistan	this guy's name after so many movies .

1 " the safety dance " is a protest against bouncers stopping dancers pogoing to 1980s new wave music in clubs when disco was dying and new wave was up and	[ i never asked for this . ] ( http://youtu.be/Y414Q7vVgYU )

1 when yao ming played his first game in miami , the heat promoted the game by passing out 8,000 fortune cookies . yao wasn't offended because he had never seen	even if it was a chinese invention , why would he be offended ?
2 it's like an white american went to china to play ping pong in their league and to celebrate , they hand out mcd hamburgers or something . it is not	the only part of that that is racist is the parts at you added . there is absolutely nothing wrong with handing food ( erroneously thought to be ) from

1 the # 1 high school in the us , thomas jefferson high school for science and technology , in which 2/3 of the student body is asian but only <	fuck tj :/ too good at everything science related . they dominate so many competitions in science and technology . my school got them in a few areas but in

1 natives in baja california would eat pitaya ( dragon fruit ) and , after pooping it out , would let their excrement dry . they would then pick out the	this bread tastes like shit .

1 the nazis kidnapped hundreds of thousands of polish children they deemed to be racially superior , and forcibly germanized them . only 10-15 % were ever returned .	i'm second generation of that 10-15 % . wish more people knew about this . * edit . terminology is not my forte . my grandparents , on both sides
2 at least you're racially superior	of course you'd say that , you have the brain pan of a stage coach tilter ...

1 ronald reagan's son , ron reagan , is a politically active liberal atheist and a contributing commentator on msnbc .	this is also nearly 100 % of why he is famous , even down to his name .

1 ozzy osbourne's entire genome has been analyzed by scientists to determine how he survived decades of extreme drug abuse .	what about iggy pop ?

1 hershey's chocolate is flavored with sour-tasting butyric acid , which also gives vomit its aroma . this is why people unaccustomed to american chocolate sometimes compare it to vomit .	wow , i've always had that sense of a certain vomit-flavor when i ate hersey's chocolate . glad to see this explained !

1 eminem was sued by his own mother for $ 10 million because he made offensive remarks about her in his songs , but she was only awarded $ 1,600 .	well , her spaghetti wasn't * that * good .
2 it made him waste a decent sweater .	already ?

1 marvin harrison is the only player in nfl history to catch a pass in every game he played	i believe ochocinco was on pace to do this as well until revis island hit him

1 sim city was inspired by stanisław lem's short story " the seventh sally "	weird movie adaptation : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zg6qT-Sz-JU

1 dwyane wade wears the number 3 because it represents the holy trinity of christianity	the jumper , the dunk , and the finger roll .

1 leonard nimoy received death threats for dying in stark trek ii : the wrath of khan .	nerds are scary .

1 lego has no military related sets because the inventor's policy was to not want to make war seem like child's play	knights and castles are the same thing .
2 ninjas . plus i have a set of lego-style green army guys .	so what about pirates ? wouldn't that count for something too ? pirating is arrrrreal serious business .

1 the vagina was named after the latin word for " scabbard " , reflecting it's function of holding a man's sword	huh . i wonder how they came up with that name .

1 shakira was banned from her school choir because her music teacher didn ’ t think she could sing and ' sounded like a goat '	thank you !

1 the movie gandhi used over 300,000 extras for one scene setting the guinness world record	did the movie touch upon how gandhi was a wifebeater , a racist , and a racial purist ? guessing not .
2 actually it did touch upon the fact that he was harsh against his wife . as for being a racist and a racial purist , please provide evidence of this	for instance “ kaffirs are as a rule uncivilized - the convicts even more so . they are troublesome , very dirty and live almost like animals . ” -

1 flo barnett , mother in law of church of scientology leader dave miscavige was found dead , after being shot 4 times by a rifle . her death was ruled	we need a billionaire obsessed with justice in a bat suit like nothing else .
2 i may be able to help you out	do you really know the batman ?

1 washington state is the only state in the united states where assisted suicide , same-sex marriage , and cannabis use are all legal .	fuck yeah washington state . i live there .
2 washington is fantastic . live here , college here . have a view of rainier from my bedroom window .	my office has a view of mt baker , the san juan islands and the canadian rockies on a clear day . freaking love it .

1 the poorly-received 1999 movie " wild wild west " was a commercial success , likely due to underage teens buying tickets , only to sneak into american pie or the	that is hilarious , my friend and i did that to see south park . never did actually see wild wild west .
2 i actually liked wild wild west ... but i also liked water world .	you may be my soul mate
3 1/3 the people who don't like movies just jump on the bandwagon without ever seeing the movie ...	did you know 4/3 ' s of statistics on the internet are completely made up ?

1 game #11982 is the only unbeatable game out of the original 32,000 windows freecell games .	yup , i tried it a couple of years ago , i failed . it shuts you down at every turn . i'm freakishly good at freecell too .
2 what exactly does it mean to be freakishly good at freecell ?	i remember winning 100 games in a row , and having a total of 500 games played with a 98 % win rate . and the games i didn't win
3 was that with just one undo ? i have a 2000 + winning streak on a game that allows unlimited undo . ( i'm a fairly stubborn sort of person	oh wow , that is amazing .

1 the beatles have sold more records than bob marley , tupac shakur , nirvana , the beach boys and kanye west combined by over 30 million units	garth brooks is number two ? ! i mean , his music isn't bad , but # 2 all-time ? https://www.riaa.com/goldandplatinum.php?content_selector=top-selling-artists
2 garth brooks was almost singularly responsible for the uplifting of country and the adding of pop elements to it . or at least he was the one who broke out	friends in low places is one of the greatest songs ever written

1 when he was 7 , vin diesel and some friends broke into a new york theater with intentions to vandalize it . instead of calling the police , the theater's	vin diesel ? more like van dieselise .

1 danny trejo often chooses to play bad guys to teach younger audiences that bad guys often die or go to prison , and that one should try to live a	trejo's law : the longer a video involving mexicans is being shot , the probability of danny trejo appearing approaches 1 . casting corollary : nobody actually * casts *
2 that is what pretty much happened when i started watching sons of anarchy .	also , breaking bad .
3 it was trejo's appearance in breaking bad that was responsible for the coining of trejo's law . when he appeared on the screen , there was just a feeling of	to think i never saw this law of the universe until now .. bravo .

1 3 years after illegally joining the marines at the age of 14 , jacklyn lucas snuck onto a ship bound for iwo jima , stormed the beach without a rifle	all to make up for having a girl name .

1 volkswagen owns audi , bentley , bugatti , lamborghini , porsche , and ducati	funny how once upon a time porsche was strutting like a big man on campus thinking they were going to own vw . btw , passat's newest design is camry-fugly

1 in the new deal , fdr called for a new tax program called the revenue act of 1935 , which imposed an income tax of 79 % on incomes over	something along these lines sounds like a good idea to me . to those of you who say people effected will just move to other countries , not if we
2 ah classic statist " we need to rob people " . i cant wait till the last of you medival minded idiots die out	who is robbing whom if we are living the greatest financial disparity in a century ? the poor people ? they must be bad at it .

1 psychologist george m . stratton in the 1890 ' s wore glasses that made him see everything upside down and after 5 days his brain adapted and he was seeing	brain plasticity ... it's an amazing thing

1 odds of being attacked by a candiru ( penis invading fish ) are " about the same as being struck by lightning while simultaneously being eaten by a shark .	those odds are too damn high !
2 to best protect yourself , make sure to jam a small piece of steel wool into your urethra before swimming in the amazon .	would a condom not be enough ?

1 in the star wars universe , " spice " is actually drugs and han solo was a drug smuggler previous to meeting luke skywalker .	you wanna buy some deathsticks ?

1 tenzing norgay left some chocolate at the top of mt everest when he climbed with edmund hillary . the chocolate was just eaten by some vandals in 2012 .	reading his wikipedia article i realized just how many times edmund hilary dodged death . thanks op .

1 katie holmes chose to do mad money w / queen latifah instead of reprising her role as rachel in the dark knight .	probably tom's revenge for christian bale basing his american psycho character off of tom cruise . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Psycho_(film) > during their conversations , he told her that he had seen tom
2 interesting . in the novel , patrick bateman lives in the same apartment building as tom cruise .	tom cruise lives in the penthouse . " i thought you were very fine in bartender . i thought it was quite a good movie . and top gun too

1 smoking makes breasts sag faster than normal by breaking down a protein in the skin called elastin , which gives youthful skin its elastic appearance and supports the breast .	its a fucking wikipedia articel and you make it nsfw ? ? ? i never will understand it ...

1 in penile-vaginal intercourse with an hiv-infected partner , a woman has an estimated 0.1 % chance of being infected , and a man 0.05 % . am i the only	now that you know the chances , are you going to try it ?

1 rick ross the rapper was a correctional officer in florida for a year and a half	50 told me this

1 its illegal for drug companies to advertise to consumers almost everywhere in the world . the only exceptions are the us and new zealand .	what about somalia ?
2 doesn't count because somalia has no laws .	i didn't see that stipulation in the title . title is false .

1 puerto ricans are voting today as to whether or not to become the 51st state .	i'm waiting for states to vote themselves out of the us . sounds more logical .

1 on june 27 , 1844 , mormon founder joseph smith was murdered by an angry mob while he sat in a jail cell . the incident arose after smith ordered	and the mormon bashing begins !
2 is it mormon bashing if it is something that happened ?	it kind of is , because , regardless of whether or not it happened , people like to think that current members condone everything they did , thus just going

1 . cameron diaz advocates urinating outdoors or during a shower because it conserves electricity and water .	yes . this will surely save the environment . but on a serious not , i was shocked to learn that urinals use an entire gallon of water to flush
2 i always found that ridiculous as well . i think automatic flushers should flush after ever 5-10 uses . put one of those nice smelling cakes in it .	one of the reasons is actually that undiluted piss is bad for the plumbing .
3 what about those flushless ones which just have a drain ?	eww

1 in 2007 richard hammond left his porsche 911 stuck in traffic to run 16 miles home in 2.5 hours for his daughters birthday . awesome .	http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w0i0RXMvzMs
2 " middle-aged , politically correct , left-leaning " i read this as " fun-hating , proper , car-hater . " not that some of the jokes in there weren't hilarious	as see , i think that is exactly the problem with top gear . you correctly point out that anyone with half a brain knows they put on an act

1 there is no evidence that gun control lowers crime rates .	kennesaw georgia .

1 in the 1896 u . s . election , william mckinley won despite the fact that he campaigned from the front porch of his home in ohio while his opponent	you know what they say , no impression is better than a bad first impression .

1 a young charlie wilson's dog was killed by a next door neighbor who was running for city council by mixing crushed glass into the dog's food . charlie wilson retaliated	i don't really see how mixing crushed glass into dog food would get any voters on your side . second worst political platform ever .
2 what's the worst political platform ?	arsenic and old lace .

1 in 2005 the simple cardboard box was inducted into the national toy hall of fame	calvin and hobbes
2 rugrats .	sponge bob square pants
3 metal gear solid	did that box just walk a little bit ? nah , probably not .

1 : johnny knoxville comes from significant inbreeding .	' knoxville asked if there was inbreeding in his family , the genealogist replied with " a significant amount " . knoxville was not alarmed , but amused . '
2 wouldn't expect anything else from him .	i've always thought knoxville seemed to have an odd kind of respectability about him . you can see the kinds of punishment he puts himself through but doesn't seem to
3 from watching the documentary about steve-o , i got the impression that knoxville is the type who can fuck around just like the rest of the guys from * jackass	i got the same impression from the steve-o book . an amazing book too . highly recommended .

1 higher intelligence has been linked to unconventional sexual practices aswell as frequent sexual fantasies and thoughts .	this is not surprising . the people you know who have the most boring sex lives are , if you think about it , the less bright individuals who you

1 egyptian pharaohs were once required to masturbate into the nile to keep its flow cycle stable .	only once ?

1 only 2 people ( to date ) have beaten george costanza's fictional frogger high score of 860,630 points .	full clip http://youtu.be/z3q_tPenIgQ

1 " the shining , " one of the greatest horror movies of all time , was widely panned by critics when it was released .	you just use that .. " shin " of yours and i'll come a-runnin ' !

1 in 1985 the philadelphia police bombed a house in the middle of a residential neighborhood containing member of move , a blacl liberation organization . the resulting fire killed 11	what's a blacl organization ? you have one job op ...

1 " band geeks " was voted the best spongebob episode of all time	the top 10 : 1 . band geeks 2 . idiot box 3 . f . u . n . 4 . best day ever 5 . that's no lady
2 where the hell is pizza delivery ? that is by far the best episode in my opinion . i feel jilted that it didn't even make the list ...	there are way too many good episodes . the list is a lie

1 prostitution was widely legal in the united states up until the early 1900 ' s , when the woman's christian temperance union lobbied against it . this was the same	pretty much everything was legal until then . pot and coke and all that . the country was a libertarian's wet dream
2 [ the good stuff ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ozSfR.jpg )	http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/We+called+that+medicine_84b671_4870856.jpg

1 for yao ming's first game in miami in 2002 , the heat gave out 8,000 fortune cookies as a promotion for the game . yao did not take offense because	so when allen iverson played in turkey or china , what did they give away ?

1 the cost of the international space station is funded by the usa 81 % , russia 8 % , europe 3 % , japan 3 % , and canada 1	so the us gets a free technology , + 1 happiness and a 25 % boost to science , right ?
2 i believe this means that america pays for it , and europe complains america does nothing for the world .	to be fair , the iss isn't even on the world . it's in the world's orbit , but it's out of this world .

1 there are nearly 100 kit kat varieties that are / have been sold internationally that cannot be sold in the us due to hershey holding the copyright over nestle	i tried cantaloupe kit kats from japan . not . good .

1 tomatoes are from america and weren't introduced in italy until the 1540s .	it is all part of the columbian exchange . if you're interested in transculturation and want a little more in depth analysis check out guns , germs , and steel
2 it's also almost entirely full of shit .	really ? i've never read it but hear a lot about it . i'm curious , why is it full of shit ?

1 list of syriza's constituent parties	i'm surprised just how many different leftist groups are there . where i'm from any leftist movement can't hold together for more than a few minutes without a split ,

1 three men each won $ 19,100 in a lawsuit after being denied waiter jobs at hooters .	technically , they settled .

1 steve jobs died because he refused medical treatment for his cancer . instead , he tried a vegan diet , acupuncture , herbal remedies and other treatments he found online	the price of thinking different .

1 one of the originally pitched names for hannah montana was alexis texas .	maybe in some weird parallel universe alexis texas became the disney character and hannah montana became the pornstar . it wouldn't be that weird though because i'm sure some people
2 all we have to do is make a pornstar named hannah montana equally , if not more , popular and soon you'll have hoards of under 18 kids stumbling upon	so basically like pirates then ?

1 led zeppelin's name came from an insult from members of the who , commenting that jimmy page's new project would " go down like a lead balloon " .	and they misspelled it so that people wouldn't pronounce " lead " like " lead . "

1 a siberian husky's coat enables it to withstand temperatures from - 58 to - 76 degrees ( f )	and when they shed their undercoat , you can construct a second dog out of the fur .
2 furminator is your friend	doesn't really do much for my husky , but he's the wooly-coated kind . i have to spend a lot of time with a rake comb to make a dent

1 alexander i of yugoslavia refused to attend public events on tuesdays after three family members died on that day of the week . after finally being forced to appear on	murphys law .

1 erich hartmann , the # 1 scoring fighter pilot ace of all time , got drunk and stole hitler's hat .	the whole wikipedia article looks like it should have been in a big movie - what a badass oo

1 if detroit was a country , it would have the fourth highest murder rate in the whole world .	sooo alaska is really rapey .
2 word for word my thoughts upon reading this article	i recall reading somewhere that a lot of those rape victims are inuit girls , often teenagers . i wish i had a source . it came up during the

1 moses sithole , a serial killer from south africa , was sentenced to 2410 years , but will be eligible for parole after serving 930 years	sometimes , the law makes me giggle .

1 it is perfectly legal in most countries to buy the spores of magic mushrooms , since they don't contain any psychoactive compounds .	even if they don't do anything , the phrase " spores of magic mushrooms " sounds so awesome . " i made you a spinach salad with balsamic vinaigrette and

1 the bermuda triangle's rate of confirmed mysterious disappearances ( per area ) is no higher than anywhere else in the world . the whole concept is bogus .	the only thing " dangerous " about the bermuda triangle is that its the exact area where hurricanes form and blow 6 months of the year . its not mysterious

1 during the cuban missile crisis a soviet submarine came under attack from depth charges , the captain assumed ww3 had started and prepared to launch a nuclear weapon , his	scary . i wonder how many times we have come close to a nuclear war , just from things like this .
2 one time is too many . i'm afraid to know actually .	im hoping that people , even military officers , generally do not want to launch a weapon that would destroy millions .
3 you would be wrong as proven by this incident .	... no ? if anything this shows that calmer heads prevailed , and that officers generally * don't * want to kill millions of people . if it weren't true

1 if a man has complete chest hair , he is around 50 % more likely to become bald .	30 , no chest hair , cannot grow facial hair worth a damn , and i shave my head due to hair loss . i'm just generally follicularly-challenged .
2 23 , full chest hair .. scared shitless	19 , full chest hair , glorious head of hair and two parents with hair . although i am concerned ...
3 30 , full chest hair , incredibly luxurious head of hair and it's just starting to go grey on the sides that will develop into that bad ass old man	hey buddy , 30 years from now you'll be able to take an over the counter pill to get that look - us going bald guys will have our revenge

1 the french eat four times as much butter , 60 percent more cheese and nearly three times as much pork than the rest of the world	no corn subsidies ... no high-fructose corn syrup ... healthier citizens .
2 now explain the uk and australia .	don't they have the same , if not higher , obesity rates as the us ?

1 frontline soldiers in the roman republic may have worn socks in sandals .	do you blame them ?

1 stalin , while in his mid 30s , had an affair with a 13 year old girl and got her pregnant twice .	not only was stalin an evil dictator but he was also a pedophile ..
2 everyone was a pedo back then .	pretty much . nowadays it's taboo to find a anyone under 18 attractive .
3 pre-puberty is pedophile . finding teenagers preferentially attractive makes you an ephebophile .	true , but i'd say that 90 % of the population treats them as freaks equally .

1 after the capture of a serial killer of children , a police officer found his own daughter tied and gagged in the back of the killer's van .	that fucker is about to have an accidental weapon discharge to the face .

1 after hurricane ike in 2008 , comcast customers were billed for unreturned equipment that had been destroyed by the hurricane . customers were charged as much as $ 1000 for	comcast employees are only considered 3/5 of regular people , so keep that in mind next time you have to tare one apart .

1 john stewart of the daily show proposed to his wife with a custom crossword puzzle designed with the help of will shortz , the crossword puzzle editor of the new	where did you learn this ? the wikipedia page you linked doesn't say anything about it .
2 it was in the article when this was posted . however , it was [ removed ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Jon_Stewart&diff=477414422&oldid=477364753 ) as unreferenced . i've since [ restored it ] (	i see . thanks !

1 alexander graham bell took credit for inventing the phone , but antonio meucci invented it 5 years earlier ... a problem with is patent gave bell the chance to claim	yeah ... well here is a true one , bell used several patents from tesla to make the telephone .

1 british naval submarines have for years flown the jolly roger to honor submarine tradition .	i wonder if the current german submariners keep up any ww2 u boat traditions .

1 after refusing to abandon a dying comrade numerous times , warrant officer kevin wheatley pulled the pins from two grenades and calmly awaited the viet cong , holding one grenade	he didn't choose death . he chose humanity in comforting his best friend in his final moments with a side of revenge in the killing of the people who did
2 that's a very slippery slope to call those vietnamese " those who did it " .	what do you mean didn't do it ? he got fucking shot by them .

1 washington state is the only state in the united states where assisted suicide , same-sex marriage , and cannabis use are all legal .	but how are they with gun rights ?
2 open carry is legal without any paperwork but generally shunned ( as far as i know , i conceal ) , concealed ( cpl ) is a $ 55 permit	fun fact : all courthouses in the state are required to have pistol lockers for citizens with a cpl at the security checkpoint , where you literally check your gun
3 we have to be able to defend ourselves against sasquatches .	sasqii

1 during wwi , albert i , the king of belgium , fought alongside his troops while his wife , queen elisabeth , worked as a nurse at the front .	if only politicians and their families today fought in the wars that they start .
2 the germans started ww1 , not the british	in reality , every one of the old empires started ww1 . a war was inevitable , it didn't matter what kicked it off .
3 every one	good shout .

1 henry allingham , the oldest briton in history , credited his longevity to " cigarettes , whisky and wild , wild women – and a good sense of humour "	[ its a song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4rY52SWklc )

1 mako , leading character of animated series the legend of korra , was named in tribute to mako iwamatsu , the then recently diseased voice actor who played iroh in	what kind of disease does he have ?

1 the guy who snagged windows2000.com happened to be named bob and microsoft just happened to own bob.com . they came to an agreement to trade one for the other .	[ bob.com ] ( http://www.bob.com/ ) . still looks like it's the year 2000 over there . even if it does have links to twitter and facebook .
2 > service unavailable way to go guys , we crashed it	you blew it up ! damn you ! damn you all to hell !

1 manual gearboxes are lighter , cheaper , give better performance and fuel efficiency . they are the most common type everywhere besides north america and australia .	with newer cars , this isn't always the case . http://www.edmunds.com/fuel-economy/five-myths-about-stick-shifts.html
2 what they're neglecting to mention is a lot of those " automatic " transmissions are dual clutch transmissions . basically computer operated manuals . that's why they're getting better fuel	wrong , the zf 8 - speed has a torque converter and still gets better mpg's than a manual .

1 - russian crimean war debt was so large that alexander ii , realizing the difficulty of defending alaska , decided to sell it to the united states , in 1867	thanks for sarah palin , alex .
2 she is still hot . at least you could masturbate to the potus every time she came on tv .	what's stopping you now ? obama is hot in an old man way .

1 ryan white , an hiv / aids spokesman in the 80s , was expelled from middle school after contracting hiv from an infected blood transfusion . 117 parents and 50	i was born in 1976 and my name is also ryan white , it was fun having that name in the 80s during grade school / middle school , but

1 : in wwii germany developed a missile that could hit the us that was manually piloted and suicidal .	they also had a plan to tow special waterproof pods containing v2 rockets behind their u-boats . they could have fired v2s at the usa's eastern seaboard cities with them
2 now that i never knew , interesting	the first japanese anti tank weapon was a stick with a landmine attached to it . then they had a guy charge the tank and hit with it . it

1 there is a device that can permanently replace the function of your heart . side effect - you have no pulse .	> ... will need to carry documentation saying that the lack of a pulse does not mean that they are dead . " i aten't dead . "
2 oh . damn . well , i'll be on my way , then .	death is one of my favourite discworld characters .

1 mountain dew was made to be mixed with whiskey	mountain dew goes surprisingly well with captain morgan's spiced rum . just go half and half .

1 heroin derives its name from " heroic " , as it was originally marketed as a non-addictive wonder cure to morphine addiction	well , technically , heroin will cure a morphine addiction ... by giving you a heroin addiction instead .
2 doesn't heroin literally turn into morphine anyways , or rather , a more potent but slightly different variation of morphine ?	i'm not a chemist but i believe that is basically correct . heroin is i think diacetylmorphine which metabolizes into morphine ... i don't know enough science to know what
3 the key difference between [ diacetylmorphine ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b1/Heroin_-_Heroine.svg ) and [ morphine ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/33/Morphin_-_Morphine.svg ) is the addition of two acetyl groups which increases its fat solubility and	there we go , can always count on science guy to show up and bring some knowledge

1 ronaldo has now scored 200 goals in 197 appearances for real madrid	cr7 , en gång alltid

1 there is an official ' christmas special ' for starwars released a year after ' a new hope ' but only aired once due to being horrible .	i seem to remember a quote from george lucas saying something like " if i had time and a hammer i'd smash every bootlegged copy " .

1 fiji water ran ad stating , " the label says fiji because it's not bottled in cleveland " . cleveland water dept responded by running tests comparing a bottle of	[ i hear cleveland is nice ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oZzgAjjuqZM )
2 like a fine wine this video gets better with age .	it's even better now that lebron is back in cleveland .

1 it takes approximately 6 % of a crowd to change the entire direction the crowd is traveling in	it doesn't even take a crowd . there have been plenty of times i've been hiking and people have followed me when i was going the wrong way . i
2 ha ha . the other day i was driving and there was a closed road . i had to turn onto a side street to try and get around it	that's when you roll down the window and start for the phone numbers of all your new friends .

1 dr . james watson , discoverer of dna , said that genetically , black people are dumber .	wow , looking at this thread i'm getting a graphic depiction of how some redditors like to handle " facts " and data . it didn't take a lot of
2 or maybe all the non-racist people are recognizing that the thread is a train-wreck , and are refraining from posting . i really hope all the racists here are just	lots of upvotes for a vocal minority .

1 the nazis considered native americans to be part of the aryan race .	this must have been to stir shit up in the states ?

1 brazilian businessman eike batista's wealth has decreased by over 99 % between march 2012 and july 2013 , from a peak net worth of $ 32 billion to $ 200	i wish i could lose 99 % of my money and have $ 200 million left ...

1 shakira was banned from her school choir because her music teacher didn ’ t think she could sing and ' sounded like a goat '	autotune can solve a lot of problems .

1 tolkien constructed the grammar and vocabulary of not only one , but at least fifteen elvish languages and dialects .	he was a professor of ancient languages at oxford university , so for his massive , epic brain it was something that he could do as a hobby ( which
2 everything he wrote was in essence a mythology to justify his artificial languages . it was more like history rather than proper novels . it both makes his works much	i thought it was the other way around

1 elvis presley flew to denver and back one night just to pick up a fool's gold loaf : an 8,000 calorie sandwich made from a hollowed out loaf filled with	1 sandwich is 8000 kcal ... 5 guys ate 22 of these things ... 5 guys split up 176,000 calories ... 5 guys ate 88 people's worth of calories edit
2 to be far 8 kcal is like 1 niblet of corn . not that intense .	oops you right , you right ... uom fail . 8000 kcal - i always forget that kcal and cal are the same thing ... my bad

1 when nancy grace was a prosecutor , she was reprimanded three times for misconduct , including " her disregard of the notions of due process and fairness "	- - tom cruz - - i just wanted to point that out , because i think we were on the verge of an epic reddit rant . has anyone

1 a 1965 barbie came complete with a book titled " how to lose weight " that instructed " don't eat ! " it also came with a scale permanently set	sadly , american girls failed to heed the warning , and are now the average size of bison .
2 they're going against their oppressors !	please be ironic .

1 when faced with over 1,000 nva troops , roy p . benavidez flew into a gunfight to save 12 special forces soldiers with only a knife . he was shot	badass mf .

1 in some countries such as mexico , germany and austria prison escape is not punishable by law if the escaper doesn't break any other laws due to the fact that	i think the instinct that makes people escape mexican prisons is actually the natural instinct to survive
2 mexican prisions are in some ways infinitely better than prisons from the us . if you have enough money you can get hookers , air conditioning , and cable t	any you're making this statement based on experience because you've been in both us and mexican prisons ?

1 the opening scene in starship troopers , an infantry advertisment , was adapted shot for shot from a nazi propaganda movie called triumph of will . the scene featured an	starship troopers was quite intentionally a parody of its source material . heinlein has been accused more than once of advocating fascism , starship troopers being the chief point of

1 atari programmers met with atari ceo ray kassar in may 1979 to demand that the company treat developers as record labels treated musicians , with royalties and their names on	and yet the programmers still aren't on boxes and aren't usually well known .
2 layman here , i know gabe newell , sid meyer , chris sawyer , miyamoto , ken levine and a guy called icefrog , that's about it .. other that	everyone's forgetting about sergei titov .

1 in 2005 , an inexperienced trader at a japanese bank tried to sell 1 share of j-com stock for ¥ 640,000 . he accidentally sold 640,000 shares for ¥ 1	harakiri ?
2 seppuku	bukkake

1 j j abrams made a deal with valve to make movies of half-life and portal	please dont ... star trek into the darkness was such a superficially good but actually crap film ( like most of his shit ) . i'd hate to see that

1 switching to unleaded gasoline probably raised average the iq and cut violent crime .	it obviously hasn't " raised average the iq " quite enough , though .
2 wow . proof-reading fail .	no malice meant , though , buddy . we've all been there .

1 sean connery was offered to play in manchester united , but chose to decline it and move on to the film industry .	thankfully he did . now we just need to get him to do a radio show ...

1 before magnetic compasses , many maps were oriented with east at the top , and is also why much of asia is known as " the orient " .	uncanny ! my boss just told me this yesterday . it is quite fascinating , isn't it ?

1 while andré 3000 from outkast was a vegan for fifteen years , he recently gave it up , saying " socially it became horrible . i was kind of just	he didn't have to give it up , just be a bit more relaxed about it . just have the vegetarian option , maybe hold the cheese , eat meat
2 i am this type of vegan . you can still make statements of the horrors of the meat industry and whatnot . people need to be a bit more relaxed	yeah , i had a friend who recently cut off all contact with people who aren't vegans . i guess i won't be talking to him anytime soon .

1 tina turner is no longer an american citizen . she has passed a german language test and swiss history test and is exclusively a swiss citizen after giving up her	bye felicia

1 in their 1983 film " monty python ’ s the meaning of life , " the pythons defined the meaning of life as " try to be nice to people	are we just quoting movies directly now for tils ?
2 that's like your opinion , man .	you never fuck with the jesus
3 what happens when you fuck a stranger in the ass .	find a stranger in the alps . ftfy

1 there is a disease irl that can cause your nails to grow long , your teeth to sharpen like fangs and your skin to turn pale and easily bruise and	seems cool , but i'd hate to have this irl .

1 transgender prisoners in the usa are housed according to their birth gender regardless of their current appearance or gender identity . even transgender women with breasts may be locked up	are you implying that men locked up with other men are not vulnerable to violence and sexual assault anyway ?

1 in pirates of the carribean : dead man's chest none of the actors knew that geoffrey rush would reprise his role as ' captain barbossa ' so the look on	do the actors not read the script in it's entirety ?

1 " iran " means " land of the aryans "	aryan does not mean white person , it means " wise person " . much of historical knowledge was housed and concepted in ancient persia ( current iran ) .
2 hitler ruined so much things like the name " adolf " and the toothbrush moustache	adolf eichmann helped with the name " adolf " too ! ninja edit : removed giant swastikas .

1 in 1975 , a 15 - year-old girl was beaten to death , with the primary suspects in the murder being kennedy-cousins thomas and michael skakel . although michael skakel	read that name as " kennedy-cousins thomas , and michael skakel " .

1 glenn burke was not only the first openly gay major league baseball player , but is also credited with inventing the high five in 1977	and no one cared or made a big deal he was gay , keep it that way . keep all that drama in the nba and nfl ... baseball deserves

1 today i learned that nolan gould , the actor that plays " luke dumphrey " is an active member of mensa with an iq of 150	dunphy ( ftfy ) :) and wow . very cool !

1 jason momoa who is due to portray aquaman completed his major in marine biology ...	vinny cant do the movie ? !

1 : after the september 11th attacks , several americans , alarmed at the prospect of flying , instead traveled by car . this resulted in an estimated 1,595 additional highway	i question your use of the word several , and your literacy and , well , anything you say or link .

1 there is an intentionally difficult to use computer language called intercal . it takes seventeen hours to do what c can do in less than half a second .	is there a benefit to these crazy languages ?
2 nobody writes viruses for them since nobody uses them ? i'm talking out of my ass and just guessing to be honest .	you can't use a virus against a programming language . you can write a virus in a certain programming language or use a virus to attack a program written in
3 see i was talking out of my ass you guys were warned .	didn't downvote you haha . problem one of those stem master race guys .

1 of someone who wrote to monty python to complain about having a gay group member , adding that the bible said any man who lies with a man should be	* the gay member has been sacked . *

1 in 2002 , elon musk tried to buy three intercontinental ballistic missiles from the russians to send greenhouses on mars , but he found that 8m $ per rocket was	intercontinental ballistic missiles don't have the range to send anything to mars . they can't even reach earth's escape velocity .

1 south africans call traffic lights " robots " .	just returned from south africa , can report that the locals would disagree
2 i'm a south african and we all say robots .	oh , well i just returned from spending a month in south africa and i didn't hear them use robots ever . so might only apply in certain areas ?

1 back when the nyc subway used tokens , people called " token suckers " would jam token slots with paper and suck out stuck tokens with their mouths . to	dude if someone is that desperate to get something for free , maybe they deserve it .
2 so why aren't you providing what they deserve ?	they're sucking it out of the coin slots .

1 members of the russian mafia would tattoo of lenin , marx , and engels on their chest or vital organs because firing squads could not shoot images of ussr's founding	i bet that neat trick saved no one ever .
2 tattoos like these can be surgically removed before execution , so it was actually the opposite .	hehe , " surgically "
3 not sure how often cheese graters are used in actual surgery .	if you know a better way to get rid of vaginal warts , i'm all ears

1 : in 1930 , babe ruth signed a contract for a record breaking $ 80,000 . he was asked by a reporter what he thought of his yearly salary being	modern sabermetric analysis has shown that hoover was actually worth 2.7 wins more than ruth that year , as it turns out
2 is ... is this an american thing ?	sorry for my late response ! it's just a somewhat modern way of analyzing baseball players ' value based on meaningful / objective stats rather than the previous way of

1 diamonds are not forever because they are less thermodynamically stable than graphite , so over time ( likely billions of years ) all diamonds will eventually become graphite .	zircon ftw ! ! !

1 former boston bruin goalie tim thomas refused to meet the president in 2012 because he believed " the federal government has grown out of control ... in direct opposition to	yet , somehow i doubt he would've said the same under bush .

1 the year 1816 was referred to as the " year without a summer " due to global cooling from a volcano eruption the year before . snow fell in july	around here it was called " eighteen hundred and froze to death "

1 in 1991 canada's prince of pot marc emery was given one year probation for selling copies of 2 live crew's rap cd as nasty as they wanna be which had	the whole way his case has been handled and his extradition to the us are a stain on canada's treatment of its own citizens .
2 i think he got out a few months ago and still selling seeds .	he did get out recently but was initially extradited to the us where he served five years in federal prison ( got off after 4 for good conduct ) .

1 anthony davidson had to make an unscheduled pit stop at the 2007 canadian grand prix because he hit a beaver . canadian reporters said it was more likely to have	if it hadn't been for that , he might have ended up on the podium . that was how good super aguri were that day .
2 fun bit of trivia that shows * how much * honda fucked up 2007 , is that the 2007 car ( that you're referring to ) was a 2006 honda	it makes sense as honda spent all year developing that chassis for them .

1 doug stanhope has established the sarah j . palin abortion fund to pay for abortions for women that can't afford them	" i'm doug stanhope and that's why i drink " .
2 ouch .	in case there was any question , this is [ a reference ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Oww4Ap3YZA ) .

1 warheads candy has a ph of 1.6 , compared to battery acid's ph of 1.0	stomach acid can be at a ph of 1.5 ! always remember to rid yourself of your strong stomach acid or it could kill you !

1 female bonobos rub their clitorises together every 2 hours on average	homosexuality is still unnatural though , right ? because it doesnt happen in nature . / s
2 i've wondered about this . obviously , animals do engage in homosexual sexual activity . do any animals , though , form and maintain long-term monogamous homosexual relationships ?	a pair of penguins did . caused the typical dismay from the small-minded religious groups . definitely in captivity , so should be easy to google .

1 seal's scars are a result of lupus	seal's name is seal henry olusegun olumide adeola samuel .
2 wow what coincidence , mine too !	so , whenever you go out , do the people always shout , " seal henry olusegun olumide adeola samuel " ?

1 : when donovan mcnabb was traded to the vikings , chris kluwe had the same number . kluwe gave it up under three conditions for mcnabb : donate $ 5000	kluwe needs to be more careful when he enters into verbal agreements . mcnabb undoubtedly bought kluwe's ice cream cone , he just ate it .

1 , lang hancock ( gina rinehart's father ) suggested forcing aboriginals - to collect their welfare cheques from a central location : " and when they had gravitated there ,	the first comma and the hyphen in your title are not necessary .

1 the french philosopher voltaire said , " canada [ is ] a country covered with snows and ices eight months of the year , inhabited by barbarians , bears and	he also wrote that in 1753

1 bruce lee could snatch a dime off a person's open palm before they could close it , and leave a penny behind	is this with two hands ?

1 when a factory worker from wonka was asked about the production of nerds candy , he said " basically we start off with a sugar crystal and we just keep	candy is made with sugar ?

1 target operates two criminal forensics labs , and has worked with the secret service , atf and the fbi .	someone has been watching the cnbc show on target ...

1 there's a giant hole called the devil ’ s kettle that swallows half a river and no one has any idea where it goes . over the years , researchers	the only stream more terrifying is the the strid . pure nightmare fuel .

1 alec guinness asked george lucas to kill off obi-wan because he " couldn't go on speaking those bloody awful , banal lines " , and that he once told a	lol , watching him get his head chopped off in cromwell was pretty weird . its like " king obi-wan " except everyone hates him .

1 the us invaded guatemala in 1954 and deposed democratically elected president jacobo árbenz guzmán for the benefit of an american fruit company	don't forget the 50 year civil war that came afterwards that the usa funded along with the mass genocide in the 80s ( the leader of which was visited by

1 mythbusters ' jamie hyneman ran away from home at age 14 and hitchhiked all over america . since then , he has worked as a certified dive master , wilderness	actually he was on robot wars as well ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jUlCzzlo1kE at 2:38 you see him !

1 anne hathaway wanted to be a nun when she was young . however , she lost respect for the catholic church at age fifteen when " i realized my older	that's also what turned ariana grande against catholicism . for me , it's the lack of evidence .

1 in 1964 , during their first american tour , the beatles refused to play their scheduled concert in jacksonville until the audience was desegregated	i feel cool because i'm listening to them and upvoting them for being awesome at the same time .

1 the largest non-nuclear man-made explosion in history was caused by a loose bolt .	righty tighty , lefty loosey

1 hip-hop mastermind immortal technique established an orphanage in afghanistan in 2008 funded by the profits from his album " the 3rd world "	i love immortal technique , but " makeshift patriot " by sage francis is by far my favorite political hip hop track .

1 scientists once tested the intelligence of beavers by playing the sound of running water on a field . eventually , the beavers began covering the tape player with branches and	so not that intelligent then .
2 i think covering an annoying tape player with branches and mud is a smart thing to do .	" is the dam leaking ! ? " ... " ah , no it's just that damn noise box again . " ... " maybe if i bury it ...

1 children's day is celebrated in india on november 14th , 9 months after valentine's day .	that's my birthday ! ... wait ...
2 prove it	how do you want me to prove it ? i have no idea how ... i've always known that my birthday was 9 months after valentine's day and the fact
3 thought so	ok ..

1 snooki from jersey shore was paid $ 32,000 to speak at rutgers university . some students were upset and thought the money could have gone to a better speaker .	this should not be a til .

1 mr . t originally started wearing gold chains when people lost them at the bar where he was a bouncer . he would wear the item the following night in	[ treating people right ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7_rBidCkJxo ) good guy mr . t
2 one of my friends loved that video / song in college . he ended up making a character in our battletech rpg game based on mr . t who would	it would be great if a major video game developer made it so if you were playing online , and someone says something about your mom , the game would

1 washington state is the only state in the united states where assisted suicide , same-sex marriage , and cannabis use are all legal .	i love my state

1 the scooby-doo movie ( 2002 ) was originally going to be dark and pg - 13 , with marijuana jokes and a side relationship between velma and daphne	another marijuana reference is when it shows shaggy and scooby in the mystery machine at the beach in the beginning , the opening shot to the scene is just the
2 veggie burgers ! they are vegetarians remember ?	chocolate-covered eggplant burgers

1 german interrogator hanns scharff was against using physical torture on pows . he would instead take them out to lunch , on nature walks and to swimming pools , where	i still believe that even if germany carries the historic guilt of nazism , not all examples are bad , and this is one heck of a different country now
2 acceptance he says ! have you ever watched german news ? you wont catch a day without reports about a angry mob of neckbeards trying to burn down refugee homes	they are the most accepting country by far , name me one that does it better . nobody in the world wants these people but they try to deal with

1 there's a man who ran nonstop for 135 miles in 120f degrees across death valley , a marathon in the south pole in - 40f and did 50 marathons in	forrest gump ?

1 the earliest piece of great literature , the epic of gilgamesh , includes a story in which gilgamesh is told to build a ship to save the animals of the	no matter who wrote the original flood story the fact remains that the earth has never experienced nor could experience a great flood . the only thing more ridiculous than

1 the straight , wide boulevards of paris were designed such that artillery could easily fire on rioting crowds .	this is true , though , this reason was only mentioned in haussmann's memoirs . also , it was not only the purpose of firing on rioting crowds , but
2 > outbreaks of ebola you might be thinking of cholera .	whoops !

1 during the battle of stalingrad in wwii , a local railway station changed hands from soviet to german control 14 times in six hours .	in the battle of stalingrad more germans died when conquering one building than died conquering all of france .
2 more than 27,000 dead to get one building ? must have been some building .	here's [ the house he probably is referring to . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pavlov%27s_House ) the article doesn't mention deaths , though .

1 a proposal in congress to annex all of mexico ( after the conclusion of the mexican-american war ) was rejected on grounds of preserving the integrity of the " free	mexican citizen here , wow i can't tell if people are trolling or if they are actually racist assholes on this thread

1 serena and venus williams claimed they could beat any male tennis player ranked 200 or below . karsten braasch , ranked 203 , beat each of them 6-1 and 6-2	~ ~ til ~ ~ men are better than women at sports .

1 a catholic bishop named robert grosseteste described the birth of the universe in an explosion and the crystallization of matter to form stars and planets in a set of nested	none of which had anything to do with physics , mathematics , or a rational understanding of observations of the universe . so , like i give a fuck .
2 * tips fedora *	how original .

1 vitamin c-rich medicines like emergen-c and airborne completely rely on the placebo effect .	that's not what the article says at all .

1 tom hanks intentionally gained 50 pounds to film the first half of cast away . he then took a year off to lose the weight and grow out his hair	he also now has type 2 diabetes . gaining and losing weight for roles may have played a roll in it .
2 yeah . he also gained 30 pounds for his role in " a league of their own " by eating ice cream every day .	i heard it was snickers ...

1 tina turner is no longer an american citizen . she has passed a german language test and swiss history test and is exclusively a swiss citizen after giving up her	ok .

1 100,000 people left for klondike but only 40,000 made it there and only 4000 found gold .	wait , so of the people who made it there , 10 % found gold ? pretty good odds honestly .

1 the 1930s dust bowl was a largely manmade ecological disaster .	i'm a history teacher so i'm pretty geeky about this kind of thing . crazy stuff indeed . it uprooted so many people .

1 after hitler ordered the deportation of denmarks jewish population , danish citizens organized a massive evacuation of the jews to neutral sweden , despite the risks . in the end	if you go to the holocaust museum in washington d . c . , they list on a mural the various names of people who helped jews escape from nazi
2 now i want to travel there just to see the mural .	if you really want to go , i think they still have it in second life . the recreated the whole museum in there a couple years ago .
3 but why ?	so people who can't be there in person can still experience it ?

1 jim carrey's family was so poor that he quit school at 15 to support them by working as a janitor . he carried a baseball bat in his janitor's cart	read somewhere that his ex-wife melissa womer started bitching about how she wasn't getting enough money to support her and jane's lifestyle ( their daughter ) . god know how

1 caesar was banging brutus ' mom , servilia caepionis .	yes all fans of hbo's rome know this !

1 the guy who discovered pluto is on his way there as you read this .	boy is he gonna be pissed when he gets there and finds out it's not a planet anymore .
2 [ what will happen after the incident ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l4QUgjxJbo4 )	please read the first comment on this video and then promptly lose faith in our generation .
3 > " wtf dst die look hole epsode "	" what the fuck , he doesn't die , watch the whole episode you twat ! "

1 the united states is the only country in the entire world that currently has minors serving life without parole .	" * documented "

1 whilst on his deathbed , french philosopher voltaire was asked to renounce satan , he simply replied " now is not the time for making new enemies . "	* i have never made but one prayer to god , a very short one : ' o lord make my enemies ridiculous . ' and god granted it .
2 that's some broken finger reasoning right there	one of those " joke " things

1 when legendary african king shaka zulu's mother died , he ordered no crops could be planted for the year , pregnant women were to be killed , no milk was	i don't know that the dutch or the english would have necessarily been friendly to the natives when they colonized , as they didn't have such a great history with

1 the municipal government of paris passed a resolution to prohibit tom cruise from becoming an honorary citizen of the city .	considering how france views scientology , this really isn't surprising .
2 considering how the world views scientology , it really surprises me that this doesn't happen more often .	it's not a matter of how much the world hates scientology , it's a matter of how much they value religious freedom despite it . france isn't uh ... big
3 * almost * makes me want to pack my bags and move there . almost .	well this is the same place that just last week had a huge anti-gay marriage rally in paris . they may hate scientology , but that doesn't make them secular

1 the backgrounds of batman the animated series were drawn on black paper instead of white to show a darker tone .	it's on lovefilm instant but not netflix

1 " lone survivor " marcus luttrell received a dog when he got home to aide in his recovery . in 2009 4 men shot the dog , and luttrell chased	you don't fuck with a man's wife , his car or his dog . he took the necessary action to advise them of the error of their ways .
2 you also don't fuck with a man's kids .	just don't fuck with a man .

1 the idea that eating carrots helps you see in the dark was a lie invented by the british airforce in ww2 , in order to explain how british air raids	sorry , but there's a little correction for you . germans knew about radar . they even had their own research going on about it .

1 the outer space treaty , signed by all major space faring nations , prohibits claiming territory in space or on celestial bodies . space is considered " the shared heritage	it's not like this will hold up once humanity reaches the stars .
2 it has more or less held up in antarctica , so it might hold up on mars and the moon . god knows what human civilization will look like if	yeah but which countries now { or will in 10-20 years } have a working space program who did not sign this ?

1 when einstein was told of the publication of a book entitled , ' 100 authors against einstein ' , he replied : " why one hundred ? if i were	http://i.imgur.com/0owTcNw.gif
2 i don't under the connection this has with topic - - please explain .	he was saying that if their argument was worth anything they'd be drawing attention to it instead of their numbers .

1 the body fat of a 440 lbs woman caught fire during cremation and almost destroyed the entire facility . because of this , new crematories are being built to hold	it caught fire . ... during cremation . i thought that was the point .
2 fun fact , the flame never touches the body during cremation . the idea is to heat the retort to 1400 - 1700 degrees , hot enough to evaporate organic	what do you guys do with titanium implants ?
3 after the skeleton remains , we run a magnet over it and pick things out by hand before reducing the skeleton to ash .	ever find anything interesting ? like , " huh , i can't believe that was actually inside of them . "

1 quentin tarantino wanted to direct 007 ' s casino royale , set in the ' 50s , in black and white and starring pierce brosnan .	he also wanted samuel l . jackson to play felix leiter and uma thurman to play , i believe , moneypenny , vesper , or some other bond girl .
2 i think it's good to have a really " different " bond film every once in awhile . keeps things fresh .	if tarantino wants to make a spy film then he should start a new franchise . i hate when a franchise's newest iteration has nothing in common with the previous
3 actually , tarantino should absolutely do that . well maybe not start a new franchise , but i would absolutely pay good money to see him do an original spy	that's a good idea .

1 , when a pope dies , it is tradition to strike him three times on the head with a silver hammer to ensure he is actually dead .	also , a zombie / vampire / werewolf pope would be an extreme embarrassment for the catholic church , and with hard enough strikes , the hammer prevents all three

1 during the pascal b nuclear test in the 1950s , a 2,000 lb steel plate was calculated to have been launched at 6 times escape velocity by the blast .	147,600 mph - that plate vaporized . lol !

1 mark wahlberg had committed 20-25 offenses by the age of 21 . these included throwing rocks at a bus full of black schoolchildren and knocking a vietnamese man unconscious and	plot twist : half of those crimes were actually committed by matt damon .
2 i'm glad i'm not the only person who thinks they look alike	i know right ? ! i've never been able to tell them apart ! needless to say , the departed was a very confusing movie for me .

1 in 1919 australia had a major cactus problem , with 260,000 km2 of farming land turned into an impenetrable " green hell " , in places 6m high , with	historically , arsenic was used as a herbicide to eradicate cactus . that was before they realised the health impacts on humans
2 the also used cyanide in gold mining . gold mining traditionally happened along waterways so they were effectively dumping cyanide into the drinking water .	haha , just imagine if we didn't learn from that and still contaminated our water supply with chemicals used to extract valuable materials from underground .

1 at the moment john lennon was pronounced dead a beatles song came over the hospital's sound system .	i hope it wasn't " happiness is a warm gun "
2 it was [ all my loving ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gWvurnpKjE4 ) , listening to it after reading the wiki gave me chills .	i just imagine it from yoko's point of view . " close your eyes and i'll kiss you , tomorrow i'll miss you , remember i'll always be true "
3 did he kiss her before or after he beat her ? why do we immortalize this creep as an individual ? great musician . terrible man .	pretty sure that was all involving cynthia lennon , not yoko .

1 there are vaccines against addiction : drugs are being developed that eliminate the pleasurable effects of cocaine , heroin , methamphetamine , and nicotine .	http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0238380/ reminds me of this .

1 mormons believe that the garden of eden was located in jackson county , missouri .	[ relevant ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHEqCXY2B-w )
2 i was hoping this would be posted . i grew up mormon . this is true . they own huge tracks of land out there in the state oddly proud	actually we aren't going to gather there , we're told we will gather in the chapels and temples and such i think , as far as i understand when the

1 john wayne died of stomach cancer , which is highly suggested to have been caused by filming downwind of a nuclear weapons test . wayne refused to believe the fallout	[ but how many nuclear tests were there ? ] ( http://youtu.be/_W_lLhBt8Vg )

1 has antimicrobial properties that reduce the viability of bacteria and fungus in the human ear .	ear doctor here . i can confirm that this is in fact true . the vast majority of people do not need to clean any ear wax from their ear
2 what if i feel like i have chunks of earwax built up and partially blocking the canal ( possibly from q-tip use ... ) ? could a doctor clean it	if you go to a specific ear / nose / throat doctor they can vaccuum suction it out and it is the best feelingn ever . also you will hear

1 george r . r . martin hates fan fiction , also believes that it is a bad exercise for aspiring writers .	i'd think any writing is a good exercise for aspiring writers .

1 the physical document that dissolved the soviet union is missing	it's on ebay somewhere .

1 there is a species of deer with fangs .	so are these deer not vegetarian ? or do their teeth exist for self defense ?

1 peta had a problem with the whaling segment of assassins creed : black flag . ubisoft dismissed it saying they did not condone whaling any more than they they condoned	peta needs to fuck off . i'm not saying animal rights aren't important , but peta makes me want to start clubbing baby seals
2 you know peta paid that guy to do it . actual seal hunters don't cull whitecoats	wow i wasn't even referencing that , i didn't know about that haha . honestly though i'm not that surprised , peta sucks

1 corporal punishment of children , including stapping , caning and paddling of buttocks , is still legal & widely used in public schools in alabama , arkansas , georgia ,	everywhere else just has the teachers attacking the self esteems of their students

1 when bill gates was given the privilege to write a class scheduling algorithm for school , he put himself in classes with a " disproportionate number of interesting girls "	what a pimp

1 the number of chinese killed by the japanese during ww2 is greater than the number of jews killed in the holocaust	damn . i hope one day we get as good at helping each other as we are at killing each other .
2 if we did that ' we'd be stacked 12 deep over the entire surface of the planet . we're our own predator ( and only ) predator .	you're clearly forgetting about tigers . and raptors .

1 the largest nuclear power plant in the world is in ontario , canada and that their security force has won the u . s . national swat championship four times	title is wrong though . kashiwazaki-kariwa nuclear power plant in japan produces significantly more energy .

1 general mills can no longer say cheerios are proven to reduce cholesterol because the fda said general mills was advertising cheerios as an unapproved drug .	i read that as cheetos ...

1 a german officer asked picasso " did you do this " , when he saw a photo of the painting ' guernica ' , a painting about the effects of	did you repost this , op ?

1 jeffrey dahmer , also known as the milwaukee cannibal , accidentally consumed the sedated drink that he made for his victim , fell asleep , and was robbed of 300	nobody called him the milwaukee cannibal , unless it was some sort of regional thing .

1 vermont abolished slavery in 1777 , while still an independent nation . this means vermont was both the first state , and the first nation in the americas to abolish	as a slave living in vermont , i cannot confirm this .

1 neil patrick harris and jason isaacs ( aka lucius malfoy ) voice acted parts in a recent animated batman movie .	it's a pretty solid flick . i think mask of the phantasm has ruined all other animated batman for me , though - so classic .

1 slavery existed in the british empire until at least 1843 ( in the territories of the east india company , ceylon , and st . helena ) , and more	the coolies were brought in to replaced the slaves and worked in equally hard ( sometimes harder ) conditions . they were paid a salary and were under work contract
2 it was actually a bit worse , as they could never work off the terms of their contract . so , once they signed up , they were basically bound	descendant of coolies here , the selling of contracts did happen but it was illegal and the british did try to prevent it . and gandhi was a great help

1 robert e . lee not only considered slavery a moral & political evil , but his wife and daughter set up an illegal school for slaves at their arlington plantation	1 mill . dollars says a movie called robert e lee would not win one academy awards - like lincoln did

1 it took 10 episodes for producers to realize the mighty morphing power rangers colors might be considered racist	making the black ranger black is a coincidence , but also making the yellow ranger asian is when people start getting suspicious
2 see also : the red ranger being native american .	okay now i'm starting to think it was on purpose
3 but how is it racist ? by this definition black panthers were racists against blacks . i'm , asking for a rational explanation . people seems to have distorted concept	the black panthers name was not picked by a boardroom full of white guys .

1 jack nicholson was brought up believing that his mother was his sister and his grandparents were his parents . for 37 years .	i'm curious if this had any affect on the casting or script of chinatown ?
2 how is this not the top post ?	srsly

1 after reducing her size 34dd breasts to 34c 5 years ago , 2014 french open runner up simona halep has moved up 450 places in the world rankings .	#neverforget

1 mississippi didn't ratify the 13th amendment ( abolishing slavery ) until march 16 , 1995 .	the amendment was adopted in 1865 . three quarters of the states were needed to ratify the amendment , so the u . s . did not need mississippi's approval
2 i am aware of such things , i just thought they would have gotten ' symbolic ' a little sooner than 1995 . same with women's suffrage .	maybe they had better things to do than working on symbolic bills . i mean , they were one of the first and still few states that [ has decriminalized
3 yep , mississippi is at the forefront of progressive , enlightened social policy .	:: snerk ::

1 general lee's army of northern virginia , on the march north to gettysburg , captured free black men and sent them south into slavery	yeah well , umm . he was fighting for the south . not sure what anyone would have expected him to do .
2 african-americans could still be free , even in the south . edit : christ , some of you are dense . my point was that lee was taking free people	but are we supposed to be surprised that he , a southern general fighting for slavery , would do such a thing ?

1 : the giant hogweed is a phototoxic , noxious weed that can cause 2nd degree burns , blisters , scarring and sometimes blindness .	there is some a half mile from my house.dangerous shit ...

1 there is a beer pipeline in germany	i really want to go to germany all the sudden .

1 the colorado dept . of transportation replaced mile marker 420 east of denver with a marker that reads 419.99 to prevent theft .	this reminds me of my hometown . lot of drug dealers . in the local garden store , rooting hormone for making clones is not on the shelf . there

1 portal 2 originally did not include any portals - valve changed their minds after every playtester reacted negatively to the decision .	* portal 2 : walls *
2 portal 2 : windows * * crash ! * *	dohohohohohoho .

1 there are more than 12 million slaves in the world today , more than at any time in human history .	umm , the low end says 12 million , but if you dig a little deeper , you'll find that most statistics agree that the number of slaves in the

1 blowjobs are illegal in malaysia and is punishable with imprisonment of 20 years maximum and whipping .	i think my girlfriend thinks we live in malaysia .

1 chekov's first appearance in tos was in the second season , after khan's episode " space seed " . yet both remember each other in wrath of khan	mr chekov was a bridge officer when he appeared in the 2nd season . i doubt you assign someone to bridge duty unless he has a great deal of experience

1 in the 1600 ' s london was plagued by an attacker who would grab unaccompanied women , lift their dress , smack their bare bottoms and yell " spanko !	the title implies these women weren't wearing any bloomers . for shame .
2 that's because bloomers weren't invented until the 1800s . from what we can tell , women didn't wear any sort of underwear until then ( and even early bloomers were	maybe they didn't have periods back then

1 george foreman has made more money selling his grills than for his boxing career in which he was a 2 - time heavyweight champion	of course . fighting doesn't pay that much . the dude has been selling grills for 20 years . what do you expect ?
2 [ fighting doesn't pay that much you say ? ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/kurtbadenhausen/2013/02/20/floyd-mayweather-hits-jackpot-with-new-showtime-ppv-deal/ )	not if you have don king taking half your money .

1 russell brand was fired from mtv for dressing up like osama bin laden the day after 9/11 .	how is this guy emplyed by anyone ? and why is it that un-funny " comedians " find work with mtv ? ( see also : tom green )

1 eden hazard's mom was playing striker in the belgian women's first division up until she was three months pregnant with eden	to be fair , the first 3 months of pregnancy seem the least physically demanding and apart from the morning sickness i can't see why it would have affected on
2 a good tackle probably kills .	surely that's a bad tackle

1 tim curry is a huge scooby doo fan , and accepted a role in the 2002 film , then dropped out after learning that scrappy doo , a character he	oh , man . i like rowan atkinson as much as the next guy , but tim curry would've been fucking awesome in that role .
2 are you shitting me ? ! ? that was rowan atkinson ? ? ? how the fuck am i just now finding this out ? ? ?	yeah i was surprised too . i went back and looked at the clip where we meet his character , i can see why it can slip by . he
3 i have not seen mr . bean what am i missing ?	[ o_o ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-hVIejf6KGJU/Udsk1FuH-eI/AAAAAAAARZc/TxUf37m89EU/s1600/wtf6.gif )

1 after conducting symphony no . 9 stone deaf , beethoven had to be physically turned around to see the audience applaud him ( some waved handkerchiefs so he could visibly	[ very powerful , very relevant ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ppwowTJg0mI )

1 experts consider one of jupiter's moons to have serious potential as a host for extraterrestrial life	who would much prefer europa to be renamed hoth ? anyone ?
2 no . the moons of jupiter are named for jupiter's many , many lovers . unless there is an ancient greek myth about someone named hoth , then i don't	all i could find is a norse god named höðr who's name can translate into hoth . do norse gods count ? [ link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/H%C3%B6%C3%B0r )
3 did jupiter fuck him ?	no , but he killed baldr by shooting mistletoe at him .

1 incandescent light bulbs will not be available for purchase as soon as 2014	yeah , and if anyone really believes that there wont be millions of them still available past that date i have a bridge to sell them .

1 sniper bullets can travel for so long , the rotation of the earth will move the target	" sniper " bullets . how about just " bullets " ...

1 sean connery was filming a love scene when his co-star's gangster boyfriend got jealous and pulled a gun on him . connery grabbed the gun from his hand and twisted	man ... let's not gloss over the fact that this isn't just * any * gangster boyfriend . this was johnny motherfuckin stompanato . dude was a former marine and
2 think about that , now think about his stepdaughter stabbing him to death . that girl was a bamf .	supposedly lana admitted years later that she was the one who killed him .

1 the nfl is tax exempt	the biggest scam in the nfl is the $ 8 bucks i spent for a beer at the pats / jets game this past sunday ...

1 on the show " frasier " , the guest callers on his radio show were famous personalities and celebrities , sometimes joking about their real-life problems . most notable is	as a white person , i find this incredibly interesting . thanks , op ! edit : guys , i'm just kidding . people of all colors and sexual orientations
2 wat ...	yeah , that's kind of the running joke . white people love fraiser .
3 i've never watched frasier , but i'm certainly pretty white . worth a shot .	the statement is that if you like frasier , then you are white . the converse is not necessarily true .

1 the employment protection provisions of the civil rights act of 1964 don't apply if you are a member of the communist party	good fucking commies dont deserve a fucking thing other than a big boot to the backside .
2 you don't know the definition of communism , do you ?	yes it means anti america
3 communism is democracy in its purest form . considering the united states is growing less and less democratic ... you're right . communism is anti-america in the sense that it	you dont now jack pal you qre weakest link good bye

1 ancient egyptians believed the universe was formed by the god atum masturbating , and that the flow of the nile was controlled by the frequency of which atum masturbated .	just wait until someone posts about enki . now there was a horny motherfucker

1 alfred hitchcock was notoriously hard on actors . he was once quoted as saying , “ actors are cattle ” — a quip that stirred up a huge outcry .	well , actors certainly shouldn't be treated like royalty , the way they are treated now . they certainly don't deserve to earn multi-million dollar salaries .
2 they make that much money because they earn the studios more money .	no , movie sales earn money , actors do not . the actors , cameramen , make up artists , special effects people , editors , and director all contribute

1 , in 1993 , upon learning that they were to play a show at a venue owned by the church of scientology , the band tool was opposed to performing	i'm sure theres a perfectly good explanation for this . maybe he swallowed a sheep right before the show ...

1 arizona legislators hired a prostitute to distract a colleague from voting against a bill making phoenix the capital . that night she swallowed his glass eye , without which he	that is one hardcore fucking noc .

1 german was the second largest spoken language in the u . s . before it was forcibly oppressed during the first world war . americans with german ancestry , are	too bad . i'm assuming us had the biggest part in making english the de facto world language . i think i would rather speak german as my second language
2 german dialects are fine . it's that artificial hochdeutsch which i cannot stand .	ah , we have that in finnish too . " book finnish " . if you learned that and tried to understand what most people are saying , it could

1 the firefly and serenity dvds are on the international space station since 2007 as a form of entertainment for the station's crews .	well * that's * the coolest fucking thing i'll hear all day .

1 bill gates told the creators of the altair 8800 that he was working on a basic interpreter for the computer when he , in fact , was not and didn't	basic is a very simple language , especially back in the 70 ' s . making an interpreter in a few weeks shouldn't be that hard .
2 do you know assembly language ? basic was written in it . the fact that basic is simple doesn't correlate to the complexity of the job at all .	yes . i do know assembly language . it's harder than c , but it's still simple . it's more tedious than it is hard , but if you program

1 when super famicom ( snes ) first launched in japan , nintendo had to ship the consoles in the middle of the night so the yakuza didn't hijack them	gaming was really extreme back in the day ...

1 the poorly-received 1999 movie " wild wild west " was a commercial success , likely due to underage teens buying tickets , only to sneak into american pie or the	watching www again now for the first time in years . i could have sworn artemis was played by tommy lee jones .

1 king jie , last ruler of ancient china's xia dynasty , is said to have made an alcohol lake for his wine-loving concubine mo xi . they then held massive	i got a weakness for jugglers and sing-song girls myself ...

1 nearly every top mcdonald's monopoly prize from 1995-2000 was fraudulently won by a group of insiders	ama request - someone who has won the mcdonald's top monopoly prize .

1 dave thomas ( wendy's ) went back to high school in 1993 to get his ged because he was worried that his success as a high school dropout might convince	huge adoption supporter and proponent . great guy .
2 wait . are there people who are against adoption ?	there are people against everything .
3 i'm against those people .	now skeeter , they ain't bothering no body .

1 pringles are only 42 % potato	and 58 % delicious !

1 spaghetti marinara wasn't invented until the new world was discovered , since tomatoes came from the aztecs . before that , pasta was eaten plain with no sauce ... with	didn't marco polo go around hanging out with people who ate noodles with sticks ? why didn't that catch on ? sure , you bring some spices and silk to
2 marco polo's entire life is debated , however there were already [ forks in italy ] ( http://www.maybe.org/~rodmur/sca/fork.html ) prior to his birth . edit : claims of his travels	really ? i'm pretty sure he wrote a few books and other source verified his existence ... the traveling though can be debatable .

1 upon its release , twister was referred to as " sex in a box " by critics .	[ reminds me of this onion article ] ( http://www.theonion.com/articles/twister-party-fails-to-get-dirty,420/ )

1 horses are the only mammal that can't vomit but science is undecided on why .	because they cannot breathe through their mouths . obviously

1 : johnny knoxville comes from significant inbreeding .	am i the only one not trusting wikipedia as just plain fact ? especially without a source ? i mean knoxville is such a prankster that he probably wrote this
2 he said it on [ marc maron's podcast ] ( http://www.wtfpod.com/podcast ) , wtf .	i thought you were just saying wtf , then i saw your link and understood .

1 the writing staff of futurama held three ph . d . s , seven masters degrees , and cumulatively had more than 50 years at harvard	if i'd realized that comedy writing is dominated by harvard grads , i'd have made some changes to the 14-18 period of my life .
2 conan went to harvard too	before he became a barbarian
3 no no no , that was * after * he became a barbarian , but * before * he became a destroyer . it explains the gap year , really	new canon acquired .

1 the se-ga voice at the start of the sonic the hedgehog took up 1/8 of the cartridge space	i was absolutely mesmerized each time i heard voices on games from that generation .
2 rise from your grave * cowabungaaa * yee-hoooo !	altered beast was easily one of my favorite sega games because it was a fucking challenge to beat , and the hilariously simple voices . my friends and i still
3 i thought altered beast on the genesis was ridiculously easy . it didn't have great replay value .	we can't all be korean .

1 the catholic church considers the theory of evolution to be " virtually certain " , and believes that intelligent design " isn't science even though it pretends to be .	i hope they support the theory that came from inside their own walls ...

1 comcast has the lowest customer satisfaction level of any company or government agency in the united states . including the irs . also , cable is the only industry to	comcast is generally fine for me except it goes out a lot during bad weather ; i don't have satellite so i can watch tv during a storm , damnit

1 a young charlie wilson's dog was killed by a next door neighbor who was running for city council by mixing crushed glass into the dog's food . charlie wilson retaliated	you kill my dog by feeding it glass and i'll burn you and everyone in your house alive .

1 the book of mormon suggests that there were donkeys , cattle , horses , oxen , sheep , pigs , goats , elephants , wheat , barley , figs ,	actually , horses originated in north america and there would have been bighorn sheep , although i don't know of the article is referring specifically to domestic breeds . http://www.equestrianandhorse.com/equus/evolution.html
2 you do understand that going back to the dinosaur era kind of dismantles your point .	like i said , not really sure if the article is specifically referring to domestic animals , but saying there were no horses or sheep ( and probably a couple

1 " lone survivor " marcus luttrell received a dog when he got home to aide in his recovery . in 2009 4 men shot the dog , and luttrell chased	ive read that story before ... who does that kind of thing ? apparently they had been killing a number of neighborhood dogs . its a shame marcus didn't get
2 i'd have to imagine that while chasing him through 4 counties he had plenty of opportunity to if he wanted . he wanted justice , not revenge .	i feel justice let him down here .
3 2 yrs in prison is justice for killing a dog . my friend got less than 4 for drunk driving and killing a single mom .	2 years might be justice to one person and nowhere near justice to another . nobody can really define it .

1 coca-cola deliberately designed tab clear to fail , in order to tarnish the public perception of pepsi's rival clear soda and ultimately sink both products .	tab tastes like battery acid . it makes diet coke seem like ambrosia from on high .

1 the american family association has held boycotts and campaigns against disney , american girl , ford , mcdonalds , campbell's , hallmark , archie comics , and google for promoting	you might as well replace the afa with " a couple of mouth breathing basement dwellers " and its hold as much credibility
2 credibility is not determined by your opinion . the afa's very large following deems it credible . for that reason alone their measurable credibilty far outweighs that of your soapbox	you said " the afa's very large following deems it credible . for that reason alone their measurable credibilty far outweighs that of your soapbox pedastal . " = argumentum

1 there's a waterfall in minnesota that falls into a large hole made of rock ; scientists have tried ping pong balls and dye and still don't know where the water	send bear grylls
2 its a waterfall , not a pissfall . he just wouldnt be interested .	no , we know . just send him down that hole , since what you send down there is never seen again .

1 there is a waterfall in minnesota called the devil's kettle that empties half its contents into a sinkhole . the outlet has yet to be found .	just have a chain of sensors that can sense their relative positions by triangulation ( the 3d equivalent ) and have an ad-hoc mesh network between them to send the

1 the most common age of sexual consent in the united states isn't 18 , but rather 16 .	in canada it was 14 right up until 2008 . http://www.justice.gc.ca/eng/dept-min/clp/faq.html

1 ernest hemingway used to hunt u-boats in his fishing boat with direction-finding equipment , a machine gun and hand grenades .	i don't know . sometimes it seems like i'm the only person who thinks that hemingway sounded like kind of a self-centered dick . drunkenly stumbling through life , blindly
2 i'm with you on this one . i haven't read all that much about him , but he doesn't seem to have had many redeeming qualities . sounds like mainly	if you haven't read much about him how can you make a decision on his qualities ?

1 voltaire , who was strongly against the christian church , was asked by a priest to renounce satan while on his deathbed . his response : " now is not	astonishing that a priest would think it appropriate to attempt to push * his * fears about death onto someone who was actually facing death unafraid .

1 f1 cars can generate enough downforce to theoretically drive on the ceiling , but it's never been tried :(	it would be awesome if the mythbusters tested this one ...
2 its also cool , because going along with this down force is improved traction ... this is a well known fact in f1 racing , where you can push really	yeah ... that's the whole point of downforce .

1 the outtakes reel of hbo's curb your enthusiasm once cleared a man of murder	haha my link was still purple from the last post

1 the blind get a 50 % discount on tv licenses in the uk	im surprised they dont have a radio licence

1 the beastie boys coined the term " mullet " to refer to a hairstyle in 1994 in their song " mullet head " . no earlier use of the term	since the mid to late 80s it was always called hockey hair where i am from . michigan .

1 at the height of the irish potato famine in 1847 , almost 4,000 ships carried food from ireland to england and scotland while 400,000 irish died of starvation and related	i just think it's nice that the natives send some money to help .
2 that tribe had a history of turmoil too . they were forced to march for days with no food or water by the americans from their ancestral homes to a	so the cherokee huh , well since im both irish and cherokee , does that mean im self reliant or ... ?
3 no you're ' mercian .	the area once known as mercia is not in territory that has ever been irish or cherokee .

1 last year's 47 ronin is the biggest box office flop of all time	the fuck did they think would happen starring keanu reeves in a movie about samurais ?

1 on september 19th during the 2010 swedish general election a voter attempted a code injection by hand writing sql commands as part of a write in vote .	but did it work ?

1 the han dynasty of china drilled for natural gas , transported it in pipelines and gas containers and burned it in stoves ... in 200 bc	i think a lot of civilizations have had natural benefits . like , india was blessed with a zillion spices , and being right in the middle of where everyone
2 ... what was europe's ? i don't think cholera counts as a natural benefit .	europe , like america and china , got lucky and kind of had everything . in the end though politics divided the resources among different countries .

1 prostitutes in greece wore sandals with imprints that stated " follow me " on the ground to attract potential clients .	for a second i thought this was / r / circlejerk . very interesting .

1 tim burton was originally uncomfortable with casting christopher walken in batman returns , on the basis that the actor " scared him . "	everyone has seen his fatboy slim video , but have you seen his dance from [ pennies from heaven ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=54iR0xFkEfQ ) ? walken doing a tapdance striptease while

1 cage the elephant's drummer was temporarily replaced by david grohl ( from nirvana and foo fighters ) , after their drummer suffered from his appendix bursting while on tour .	i have been to one of their concerts , to be honest the singer was terrible live .
2 were you really fucking drunk ? because that's the only time people like him .	probably not . just in one ear , right out the other to some people .
3 people talk shit , but you know i never bother .	well done .

1 kanzi , a male bonobo , once snapped twigs for a fire , lit them with matches , and toasted marshmallows on a stick . he is also an accomplished	i'd like to see him and karl pilkington share a house for a few months .

1 the show ' firefly ' has been permanently added to the international space station as a form of entertainment for the station's crews .	i'd really love to know if gravity has ever been watched onboard the iss . it'd be kind-of awesome to watch a movie that features the structure you're currently living
2 i watched castaway from lax to sydney . we got hit by lightning . the guy next t to me screamed " oh my god we are going to die	isn't that the same flight the lost series is based on ?
3 lol , that would be the trifecta . i've never seen lost , so idk .	ha yeah . actually , if i recall correctly , the flight is from sydney to lax . still funny tho

1 oral sex was illegal in canada ... until 1969 .	it's still illegal in maryland .

1 it ’ s illegal for drug companies to advertise to consumers almost everywhere in the world . the only exceptions are the us and new zealand .	ask your doctor if advertising ™ is right for you .

1 humans can theoretically survive on a diet entirely composed of nothing but potatoes and butter .	it is important to note that much of the nutritional value of a potato is in the skin . so if you plan to go on an all potato and
2 and the skin tastes awesome	people give me weird looks when i eat all of my baked potato , i just give them weird looks back , thinking , " who the fuck wouldn't eat
3 i say the same thing when i eat the skin on kiwi's .. way too much effort to scoop it out or peel it when the skin is perfectly fine	i eat my kiwi skins too . and mango skins .

1 due to nintendo's strict censorship policy , mortal kombat on the snes did not feature blood or as much violence as the sega genesis version . as a result ,	abacabb

1 of someone who wrote to monty python to complain about having a gay group member , adding that the bible said any man who lies with a man should be	it gets even better when you realize that at around this time someone actually did leave .

1 : the nation of canada was formed because 700 irish-american terrorist from maine went north to try and steal british land . in response , the british combined all the	i believe the idea of the fenians was to sneak north , seize control of some british towns and somehow use them as bargaining chips for irish independence . i

1 during the 2008 world hops shortage , the samuel adams brewery sold 108 craft breweries their excess hops , at cost , to help prevent them from going under .	as someone whose home brewing suffered during the hops shortage i applaud their actions and will raise a samuel adams beverage in their honor .
2 sam adams winter lager is my favorite .	have your had their alpine spring ? delicious .
3 their spring beer is terrible ... i live in boston and can even admit it's their worst beer by far	to each their own i guess

1 the international space station is estimated to be the most expensive thing ever built ( $ 150 billion )	iter will take care of that record

1 in 1986 the red hot chili peppers were budgeted $ 5000 by emi music to make a demo tape and set aside $ 2000 to spend on heroine and cocaine	remember kids , even drug addiction requires a degree of financial planning !

1 monaco once played an international friendly against vatican in 2002 . it ended in a draw .	we're talking about the [ monaco national team ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monaco_national_football_team ) here , not as monaco to put things in perspective , while as monaco reached a cl final
2 monaco have since withdrawn from all that , there is talk of getting uefa membership but there are fears that ligue 1 would use it as an excuse to kick	oooh , interesting . didn't know that , it does makes sense ! although ligue 1 doesn't want to kick monaco , just for them to have their headquarters in

1 the term " holocaust " was popularized by a hit tv mini-series in the 70 ' s which was written , produced , scored and directed by jews .	we usually use shoah amongst ourselves .

1 serial killer rodney alcala acted as his own attorney in his trial . for five hours he interrogated himself on the witness stand , asking questions addressed to " mr	[ the judge ] ( http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lxmd5y48iu1r3poogo1_500.png )
2 mfw ayyyy lmao ! edit wow downvotes learn to take a joke reddit	some joke ...

1 the ceo of susan g . komen for the cure makes nearly $ 700k a year , about 25 % more than other non-profits of comparible size , while only	this should surprise no one

1 in 1943 , after a worldwide search , a mouldy cantaloupe in a peoria , illinois market was found to contain the best strain of penicillin for mass production	something good came out of illinois ? blasphemy

1 raiders of the lost ark grossed $ 384 million dollars in worldwide ticket sales . but it only had a budget of $ 18 million , giving it a profit	jaws's budget was $ 7 million and it grossed over $ 470 million worldwide , about 6,700 % . that's over $ 2 billion in 2013 dollars , which dwarfs

1 : there is a game called desert bus . the objective of the game is to drive a bus from tucson , arizona to las vegas , nevada in real	buzz bombers is a cool one : it's an arcade shooter where player one has cheat codes and it's rigged so player 1 always wins . there is a even

1 google tried to sell itself to excite.com in 1999 for $ 1 million . excite said no even after the price was lowered to $ 750k .	so if brin and page offered to sell google wouldn't that make all parties involved pretty dumb ?

1 it was christopher lee's lifelong dream to play gandalf . he auditioned for the role but was given the part of saruman instead , because they thought he was too	the guy is 90 years old by now ! of course he can't handle the fighting scenes ! he be torn to bits by walking through a curtain !

1 there is a beer pipeline in germany	[ that's it . ] ( http://i.imgur.com/eq2fK.gif )
2 where is this gif from ?	from the internet's vault

1 family guy creator seth macfarlane had been scheduled to be on american airlines flight 11 that hit the north tower on 9/11 , but he arrived at the airport late	crazy part is he said he would never make a joke about 9/11 but then he did .
2 seth macfarlane does not write family guy .	a thousand times this : you guys realize macfarlane doesn't write family guy anymore right ? he may have created it , but it sure as hell isn't really "
3 exactly . i believe he's written three episodes in total .	according to imdb , he has writing credit on 160 episodes .

1 as a child elon musk was bullied so severely he once had to be hospitalized because of a beating from other students	elon musk is not a cologne .

1 a world-war - 1 - style war was fought between iran and iraq in the 1980s , complete with trenches , machine gun posts , charges " over the top	just wait till they learn how to conduct a war like the big boys .
2 they will have operational drones soon .	drones are only use full if you have full air superiority

1 one of the first scientists to discover nitrous oxide completely missed its use as an anesthetic because he ended up just using it to get high ( having first experimented	well yeah obviously , doing nitrous oxide makes you crave the shit out of it until you come down . even on your first time most people will keep doing
2 yay , my box of 48 whippets arrived . i'll just do about 10 and save the rest for later in the week . one hour later : all gone	i once purchased a tank of nitrous . it was only 20 lb but me and my friend who split the cost that we would sell some balloons to pay
3 what's the deal with this ? are you only high with this only when you are wasting it ?	thats why its called hippy crack

1 after the only two recorded attacks on great white sharks by orcas , the surrounding shark population packed up their stuff and got the hell out of there .	" after both attacks , the local population of about 100 great whites vanished . following the 2000 incident , a great white with a satellite tag was found to
2 " dude ! that whale just killed frank ! " " what ? no way ! " " yeah he flipped him over and then once he suffocated he ate	he ate frank's liver , dude !

1 daniel webster , who ran for president and lost three times , declined the vice presidency twice , thinking it a worthless office . both presidents who offered it later	he then went on to proclaim " fuck this noise " , and invented the dictionary .
2 that's noah webster . daniel webster just went on to become new hanpshire's idea of what chuck norris was 6 years ago .	* hampshire . yeah , nh has a pretty big hard on for him , despite him being a proponent of the fugitive slave act of 1850 . also ,

1 finding nemo actually harmed wild clownfish populations since people started buying wild-caught , pet clownfish after seeing the movie	awwwww mannn . this is so sad !

1 nascar rose in popularity in 1979 after the first nationally televised race ended with the leaders crashing on the last lap , and then proceeding to fight in the muddied	this was the first nascar race i ever saw . ( not that i've seen too many since ) .

1 " where the wild things are " was originally titled " land of the wild horses " until the author maurice sendak realized that he couldn't draw horses and changed	" well , this was an amazing journey writing this , time to illustrate it ... shit . " * changes title *
2 what if it turns out those " monsters " were actually horses ? " hey eugene dear , look at this book on horses i illustrated . " " oh	it's kind of weirder given the line " we'll eat you up we love you so " now i just imagine a kid being torn apart by a gang of

1 nicolas winding refn , director of drive , directed those bizarre lincoln commercials with matthew mcconaughey .	it all makes sense now

1 headon is a homeopathic remedy and contains no medicinal ingredients .	how does one apply a homeopathic remedy like headon ?
2 apply directly to the forehead ! ! !	how was that ?

1 hugh laurie realised he had severe clinical depression after seeing two cars collide and explode in front of him , which caused him to be neither excited nor frightened ,	i guess i call that " apathy " in place of boredom . it's horrific and will impact the lives of other people , but it doesn't touch me directly

1 in his tepid review of " groundhog day " at the time of its release , critic desson howe specifically stated the film would " never be designated a national	i love reading bad reviews for movies that history has shown are some of the best films ever . like , the one dude who gave the godfather a bad

1 there is a factory in japan which can run unsupervised for 30 days at a time . robots build other robots at the rate of 50 per 24 - hour	we're one step closer to making terminator a reality .
2 a documentary about a lights out factory is a podcast .	source ?

1 rick james once kidnapped and tortured a 24 - year-old girl and almost went to jail for life because of it .	* * after failing to report for active duty on the uss enterprise and amid fear of arrest * * wtf ? edit : i'm an idiot , of course

1 all existing jfk assassination related documents will be made public by 2017	i never understood this concept , obviously this example is overblown but why would someone be like " hey i just committed a murder , gotta file this document on

1 a south african it company preferred to use a pigeon to transport a 4gb flash drive over 80 km ( 50 mi ) instead of using the country's biggest isp's	relevant http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sneakernet#Usage_examples

1 the word " ewok " is never spoken by anyone in return of the jedi . mind blown .	also , take note . in the ot , there's not a single mention of the word " sith " or palpatine's name . he's simply " the emperor "
2 for some reason at first i though you mean the old testament .	didn't he , though ? didn't he ?

1 kevin spacey personal life is so private that no one can confirm his girlfriend's identity .	isn't kevin spacey gay ?
2 a very good friend of mine in la said he personally saw kevin spacey roll into a party with a young guy on each arm .	he cupped my friends balls .
3 he felched my cousin's ass ...	can confirm . am cousin .

1 - in september 2000 , the irish paramilitary group fired a rocket-propelled grenade round at the eighth floor of the uk : sis building - the building is so fortified	i remember this well - i spent 5 hours stuck on a fucking train because of this ( as all the inbound lines run past the sis building they closed

1 habeas corpus is a law because when the uk parliament voted on it in 1679 , they jokingly counted a fat guy as ten votes	" proroguing " is my new favourite word .

1 a german study found women cry on average between 30 and 64 times a year , and men cry on average between 6 and 17 times per year .	i can only remember crying twice since i was about 8 . my life is just way too good . i'm a lucky fool .

1 the first four canadian soldiers who lost their life in afghanistan was due to a american f18 dropping a bomb on a training exercise in the belief that the canadians	don't forget the 4 sept 2006 incident which left [ one dead and thirty wounded when an american a - 10 warthog strafed a canadian lav leaguer ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Medusa#September_4_and_5
2 this one is different . i personally wasn't on the ground for this incident but this was my old platoon before i transfered out of 1 rcr so i knew	did they ever figure out why the a - 10 fired on the wrong target ? were they just free firing , did they fire on the wrong point of

1 during the cold war the us seriously considered dropping a nuclear bomb on the moon as a show of military superiority .	they would've had to make sure to do it on a full moon as to be sure to get it all . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Csj7vMKy4EI

1 there is a species of shrimp that stuns its victims to death with extreme noise and is considered to be a major source of noise in the ocean .	i've got one of these in my reef tank . the sound they make sounds like tapping a rock on glass . i used to think that's what they were

1 there's a waterfall in minnesota that falls into a large hole made of rock ; scientists have tried ping pong balls and dye and still don't know where the water	" the mystery persists . "

1 the show ' firefly ' has been permanently added to the international space station as a form of entertainment for the station's crews .	because it's the greatest show of all time

1 the game ' dark souls ' was originally going to be called ' dark ring ' but had to be changed after the developers learned that in britain ring is	they should've just called it dark holes .

1 : the mercedes-benz sls has explosive bolts that separates the doors from the car for easy exit during a serious accident .	it's not too dramatic , it's really just a little pop . video of it in action : https://youtu.be/RMNVVHI2ZNg?t=137
2 i was really hoping for something that would make the doors fly like 10 feet .	sounds like a terrible way to greet first responders .
3 first responders are right there as your car rolls over ?	well if they didn't get there that quickly , they'd probably be second responders . maybe even third !

1 there was a real red wedding--muhammad ali lured 475 mamelukes into the cairo citadel for a dinner in their honor ; few , if any survived	was that before or after the rumble in the jungle

1 winston churchill once said " you can always count on the americans to do the right thing — after they have tried everything else . "	winston churchill also once said " if i had canadian soldiers , american technology and british officers i would rule the world . "
2 so what won the war ? us dollars , russian soldiers and british ... um ? the british always seem to forget the huge numbers of foreigners that fought in	british intelligence
3 bond .	james bond .

1 the theme song from " rocko's modern life " was by the b - 52s	tlc did the all that theme song

1 in the star wars universe , " spice " is actually drugs and han solo was a drug smuggler previous to meeting luke skywalker .	no shit .

1 colombian drug trafficker carlos lehder bought himself an island in the bahamas where he put an airstrip which controlled the drugs coming in from south america and entering the us	it never ceases to amaze me what earning power that white dust creates for the wrong people .
2 the white dust helped fund america during the cold war . hope you weren't a reagan fan .	that's a bit of a stretch . link below for those interested . http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/CIA_and_Contras_cocaine_trafficking_in_the_US

1 famous mathematician paul erdos was once challenged to quit taking amphetamines for one month by a concerned friend . he succeeded , but complained " you've showed me i'm not	itt : everyone has adhd

1 morgan freeman is against black history month	[ play along at home , kids ! ] ( http://i.imgur.com/stPtgg9.png ) [ as of 2 hours after posting and 31 comments :] ( http://i.imgur.com/sgwj5Bk.png )
2 > consider these black-on-white crime statistics always followed with something along the lines of " statistics can't lie "	" soooo sorry you find statistics racist ! " nope , i find the opinion you pulled from it racist .

1 bing crosby " loved marijuana " and suggested to his son that he smoke instead of drink	would you like to swing on a star , carry moonbeams home in a jar ... or would you rather be an ent .

1 meth was widely used in the german army during ww2 , known as " tanker's chocolade "	all modern militaries use stimulants . the usaf and luftewaffe gave meth and other amphetamines to pilots and crews , and the us still gives out " go-pills " for
2 do you have any info on the japanese post war meth epidemic ? i remember hearing about it but haven't found any info about it .	there was a pdf link in / r / drugnerds with a history ; it looks like the thread may be gone . i see it in google search results

1 the dalai lama's views on gay sex : " if two males or two females voluntarily agree to have mutual satisfaction without further implication of harming others , then it	i've always wondered why people are so obsessed with the goings-ons in other people's bedrooms .
2 we are very interesting culture , to say at least . president who fucks his secretary gets fired , but if he sends his people to war he gets reelected	i always said that what bill clinton did should have been handled by hillary , that's who should have administered punishment in the privacy of their home . that situation

1 tobias harris and channing frye are cousins	i blue myself !

1 yang ( lenovo's ceo ) received a $ 3 million bonus as a reward for record profits , which he in-turn redistributed to about 10,000 of lenovo's employees . he	gg yang . now i feel somewhat proud of owning a lenovo , despite the terrible , terrible uefi setup .
2 all too real .. that and their complete inability to properly release parts on time . the 750m ultrabay was supposed to come out last august . then september 10th	... my laptop came with one , so i know for a fact that it exists .

1 hitler allegedly admired the canadian national vimy memorial for its peaceful nature . he ensured it was not damaged during wwii by putting members of the waffen-ss on guard .	here is the current tally : reasons to like hitler : 1 , reasons not to like hitler : 20,000 , 000
2 he was a great animal's right activist too so make that 3 edit : he forever ruined that ' stach style tho , so i say 3 : 20,000 ,	he also tried to abolish smoking in germany .
3 but he also stole [ that guy's ] ( http://www.who-sucks.com/wp-content/uploads/icons//2007/08/hitler-joke.jpg ) chair , so 4 : 20,000 , 002	but he also funded the autobahn and the original vw beetle , so 6:20 , 000,002

1 poet stanislaw jerzy lec survived a german concentration camp by killing his guard with a shovel that was given to him to dig his own grave - and then escaping	so the indiana jones trick , of beating the hell of a nazi and stealing the uniform actually works .. hmmm interesting ...

1 dick cheney flunked out of college twice , was convicted of two dwis , received two draft deferments and shot a texas attorney .	this guy has upper management written all over him

1 after hurricane ike in 2008 , comcast customers were billed for unreturned equipment that had been destroyed by the hurricane . customers were charged as much as $ 1000 for	my house got broken into when i was in high school . they took the cable box for some reason . dish still made us pay for it . edit
2 a satellite tv company charged you for cable boxes ?	i'm sorry , i don't remember what service it was , it was years ago .

1 the grey affected roger ebert so much , he walked out of his next scheduled screening . " it was the first time i've ever walked out of a film	i thought the movie sucked : /

1 aspartame ( diet sugar ) has just as many calories per gram as regular sugar , but is 200 times sweeter , thus 200x less is required to provide the	while at the same time giving that awful aspartame taste . yuck . i don't drink pop , but if i did , give me pure cane sugar any day
2 hfcs and pure sugar differ mostly in texture and very little in taste . cane sugar ( sucrose ) is 50 % glucose and 50 % fructose . high fructose	it's not the sweetness . it's the mouthfeel .

1 richard branson , founder and chairman of virgin , has broken numerous world records including the fastest pacific crossing by hot air balloon going 394 km / h .	i'd do a lot of fun shit if i were a billionaire too .

1 in ancient sparta boys were punished for not answering questions briefly and wittily enough	another example of the laconic mindset , when samian exiles came to sparta to request aid , they made a long case as to why sparta should help them .
2 fascinating .. seriously .	should have omitted " .. seriously "

1 sean bean , elijah wood , sean astin , orlando bloom , billy boyd , ian mckellen , john rhys-davies , dominic monaghan and viggo mortensen all have the word	> bean's well-known fear of flying , with helicopters , caused him difficulties in mountainous new zealand , where the trilogy was filmed . after a particularly rough ride ,
2 one of the most famous acting badasses is a bigger wuss than even marge simpson when it comes to flying .	but he hiked the rest of the mountain in full armor ... i think that more than makes up for it .

1 wristwatches were almost exclusively worn by women , men used pocket-watches . wristwatches were first worn by military men towards the end of the 19th century as a way to	we've basically gone back to pocket watches we just call them cellphones now .
2 nope , with this new apple watch craze , we're back to watches for now .	craze ? apple watch looks like shit compared to the moto 360 .
3 are we looking at the same moto 360 ?	hardware and design wise the 360 is perfect atm to me , apart from the flat tire . it's like the least bulky , and more traditional looking , smart

1 in 1787 a man was hanged for deserting and re-enlisting in the british army 47 times , in order to get the large bounty obtained upon joining the army .	what's even more interesting is that this [ bae ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/31/Jane_Duchess_of_Gordon_and_son_George_by_George_Romney_1778.jpg ) toured scotland with a shilling in her lips for anyone wanting to enlist to take .
2 i have no idea what this sentence means	in the 1700 and 1800 ' s , a recruiter would carry a shilling ( a coin ) . whoever took this shilling was in the army

1 futurama has had four designated series finales , due to the recurringly uncertain future of the series . " the devil's hands are idle playthings " , " into the	will it come back , again ?
2 i hope not . obviously i would love more of my favourite show but not if its gonna ruin that amazing ending we got , plus the quality was slipping	> quality was slipping i thought it was at its worse for season 4,5 , 6 and bender's game , then when it came back they made it awesome again
3 bender's game is actually my favorite movie of the four .	that's because it's the best one .

1 kurt cobain wished he was gay just to piss off homophobes .	kurt cobian is a talentless cunt .
2 kurt cobian has more talent than you , where is your famous band ?	kurt cobain can't even stay alive by himself

1 russell brand was fired from mtv for dressing up like osama bin laden the day after 9/11 .	this was the way we * should * handle terrorist - - ridicule terrorists . lampoon them immediately , make fun of them openly , and stop treating their acts
2 except contrary to the prevailing opinion on reddit , terrorism has presented a legitimate threat to the us and needs to be dealt with . we responded the wrong way	texting while driving also presents a legitimate threat to the lives of us citizens . so let's ignore the constitution and spend trillions of dollars . i bet texting while

1 on september 11 , 1974 , when stephen colbert was ten years old , his father and two of his brothers died in a plane crash .	i know its just coincidence but i wonder what was going through his head as he experienced the september 11 attacks in 2001 . it was bad enough for us

1 during wwii , george de hevesy dissolved two nobel prize medals with aqua regia to prevent the nazis from stealing them . after the war , the gold was precipitated	posted this on til 4 months ago , at least someone got this amazing story to the front page . http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/uifyl/til_during_ww2_hungarian_chemist_george_de_hevesy/

1 washington state is the only state in the united states where assisted suicide , same-sex marriage , and cannabis use are all legal .	upvotes to all tacoma , fircrest , lakewood , olympia , bellingham , gig harbor , key peninsula , university place , kent , and puyallup kids ! woot woot

1 the last airbender received 5 awards : worst picture , worst director , worst screenplay , worst supporting actor , and a special award , " worst eye-gouging mis-use of	my favorite part was before the release where m . knight said he had watched all the episodes with his kids and was bent on getting everything perfect . lieing
2 he has a messed up head you see .	or . . . does he ? ! ? ! ? !

1 norman borlaug ( the father of the green revolution ) learned that he received the nobel peace prize while working in his wheat test plot in mexico ; he learned	up vote for a famous aggie .
2 thanks for the upvote !	no need for thanks , i'm just happy that my mouse clicks are making such a difference in the world .

1 hazrat muhammad used to buy slaves just so he could set them free .	the usage of the term " hazrat " hints that op is from south asia . other places is the muslim world don't use that term . even the wikipedia
2 lol ... it is used all over the muslim world . they use ( ha ) for short .	what does it mean actually ? i'm a muslim and the only last i heard that was in a friday prayer in india .

1 roger ebert had some reservations about chewbacca's depiction in the empire strikes back , asking " how can you be a space pilot and not be able to communicate in	languages that sound like gibberish , but we assume someone understands : - chewbacca's language . - charlie brown's teacher . - french .
2 french person here . we have no idea what we're saying , " french " is just a show we put on for foreigners . amongst ourselves , we speak	then tell the quebecers to stop screwing with us !

1 wd - 40 is not patent protected . this avoids completely disclosing its ingredients , making it harder for companies to mimic .	i bought a can of wd - 40 with the new swivel nozzle design . it broke within 2 uses , one of the plastic hinges snapped . :(

1 in 2005 , the dea reported seizing $ 477 million worth of drugs , whereas the estimated value of drugs sold within and into the us is $ 64 billion	obviously we need to raise the dea's budget 100 fold
2 http://www.justice.gov/dea/about/history/staffing.shtml 2014 : $ 2,867 , 000,000 2.9 billion dollars ( though that includes all parts of the agency ) .	so you're saying we paid $ 2.9 billion for $ 477 million in drugs that we couldn't even use ?
3 it would have been 6x more effective to just buy 2.9 billion in drugs and destroy them	i love this statement . you are a god

1 not all kamikaze were volunteers , ' ' it's all a lie that they left filled with braveness and joy , crying , ' long live the emperor ! '	> in the final moments before the crash , the pilot was to yell " hissatsu " ( 必殺 ) at the top of his lungs which translates to "
2 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MUIrK8oOe7U	wow , anime has really gone down the drain since i last watched it . where are the quality animes like cow boy bebop , trigun , or even nge

1 the same company that built the b - 2 spirit ( stealth bomber ) also built the vehicle that the postal service uses	and the apollo lunar module .

1 the only countries in the world to use the month-day-year format is the usa and belize .	* * ' murica * *
2 * * b'lize * *	you guise are stand-up people . :)

1 . cameron diaz advocates urinating outdoors or during a shower because it conserves electricity and water .	yes . this will surely save the environment . but on a serious not , i was shocked to learn that urinals use an entire gallon of water to flush
2 or just use the low water usage ones ...	like the ones with the bees to aim at those are awesome .
3 as a female ... * what ? ? ? * bees ?	http://i.imgur.com/ixFWr.gif

1 the inventor of radar was pulled over for speeding by a radar-gun toting policeman . his remark was , " had i known what you were going to do with	i believe the inventor of the tazer is noted as having made similar remarks .

1 when president kennedy asked the mexican ambassador to declare cuba a threat to their security he replied that " 40 million mexicans will die laughing . "	the quote came from a book about a man named noam chomsky . for those that never heard of him , he was an intellectual prodigy who went on to
2 people don't know who he is ? i thought your post was a joke .	i would guess that most people outside of the us don't know who he is .

1 : that a russian scientist , alexander bogdanov , hoped to achieve everlasting life , by transfusing blood with others who were younger than him . later , he died	i don't know whether to call him a vampire or a hero .
2 blade was a vampire and a hero , this guy can be too	blade was more of a dhampir .

1 58 year old general ( retired ) stanley a . mcchrystal runs 7-8 miles a day , eats 1 meal a day , and sleeps just 4 hours a night	im curious as to what that one meal actually is

1 after leaving office , lyndon johnson's oval office desk was taken to his museum , and once in a while , he would sit at the desk to " surprise	it would be great if that wasn't actually the reason , he just developed dimensia and thought he was still president .

1 in 2009 , a woman filed suit against pepsico after discovering that the crunchberries in a cap'n crunch cereal had not in fact been real fruit . the case was	cap'n crunch cereal is owned by pepsico
2 here , this is basically the hierarchy of products owned by whom . this might be a tad outdated , since this was made in 2012 as far as i	why does pepsico own the a & w fast food joint but kraft owns the rootbeer ?
3 how do unilever and pepsico both own lipton ?	joint venture ?

1 during prohibition , the us government ordered poison be added to industrial alcohol to discourage consumption . people continued to drink it , so the government mandated more potent poison	this reminds me of how they put tylenol in weaker opioid painkillers i . e . percocet and vicodin .
2 ~ ~ actually , it is because the combination of hydrocodone and acetomenifen works better than a higher dose of hydrocodone by itself . ~ ~ while what i said	no its to poison people .
3 ~ ~ [ citation needed ] ~ ~ edit : citation provided . i am wrong .	its plainly obvious . you dont mix an opiate with something that causes liver damage .

1 hitler ordered for oxford not to be bombed as he planned for it to be the capital of his new kingdom .	that's the story , anyway . i've never seen any actual evidence for it .

1 : the giant hogweed is a phototoxic , noxious weed that can cause 2nd degree burns , blisters , scarring and sometimes blindness .	relevant [ song ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gTuJQL8GBqY ) .

1 greek scientist eratosthenes was nicknamed ' beta ' because he was second-best in the world in almost every field	that's like the worst title possible for someone that talented

1 einstein was stopped so much in public , he would reply , " pardon me , sorry ! always i am mistaken for professor einstein . "	and that albert einstein lookalike's name ? albert einstein .
2 for a moment i thought i was in / r / circlejerk	or / r / thathappened

1 a group of ravens is called an " unkindness " or " conspiracy " .	send an unkindness to king's landing

1 ryan white , an hiv / aids spokesman in the 80s , was expelled from middle school after contracting hiv from an infected blood transfusion . 117 parents and 50	rock hudson brought huge awareness mostly fear to the public on aids before his death .

1 there is a completely unique english dialect spoken only on tangier island , virginia . it is said to be almost the same as when the island was settled in	i'd love to hear a recording of somebody from tangier speaking . edit : found it . wtf ! ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AIZgw09CG9E
2 it sounds kinda irish or scottish to me ( a californian )	yes , either that or from the west of england - cornwall , devon , somerset . ( i'm british ) .
3 agreed , it sounded west country to me too ( also british ) .	also british , also west country . ooh arr , get orf moi lahnd sort of thing .

1 bell labs has generated seven nobel prizes , and a host of other things that we now take for granted .	i wish i had more upboats to give to bell labs .

1 : there is a scientology drug rehab program called " narconon " . it uses saunas , vitamins , minerals and oils to tackle the effects of drug addiction but	quackery is such a great word . i wish it meant something more fun .

1 at 14yrs old snooker player stephen hendry bought his snooker cue for £ 40 , using this cue he won 7 world championships over 20 years until it was broken	since having his cue broken he hasn't won a world championship .
2 that makes it even more depressing .	he hadn't won in the 5 years prior to it breaking , either .

1 washington state is the only state in the united states where assisted suicide , same-sex marriage , and cannabis use are all legal .	we can't have real strip clubs with liqueur though .

1 people with blue eyes probably descended from one common ancestor !	was his name adam ?
2 no you religious loon .	i don't mind " religious " or " loon " , but i have never before been so insulted by being called a " you " : sadface :

1 john cena has granted over 250 make-a-wish foundation wishes , the most of any person in history .	not a fan of wrestling ... but now a fan of this dude !
2 if you haven't given it a shot , try watching . it's not as great today as it used to be , but it's honestly really entertaining .	i personally hate it , i feel as though it's one of those things you either like or do not like . i mean i'm not one of those people
3 perfectly reasonable . some people just don't like wrestling , and that's absolutely fine . i just thing it's stupid when people don't like it just because it's ' fake	i hate game of thrones and breaking bad because they are fake too . and all that shit shakespeare wrote ? it's fake people , they are following a script

1 janikowski allegedly kicked a 82 yard field goal in practice during high school	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kk968VCdxXY 70 yard pregame with no tee , well over the bar when it crosses , hell it still hits the net behind the field , dudes got a leg

1 dr pepper is distributed by both pepsi and coca-cola in the united states .	very annoying for retail cashiers . we'll have coke , pepsi , and dr . pepper-snapple group products go on sale weekly , and people will insist that drinks like

1 there are 4 states that ban billboards - hawaii , alaska , vermont and maine .	hawaii would be a heck of a lot less beautiful with billboards on every mountain .
2 ah , but on the other hand , the billboards would be much more beautiful if we moved them from kansas to hawaii .	having driven through kansas , keep the billboards , give something to see , even if it is repetitive .

1 many of rodin's most famous works , including the thinker , are actually enlargements from a single sculptural piece , the gates of hell	[ the rodin museum in philadelphia is great . ] ( http://www.rodinmuseum.org/ ) it has a full-scale [ burghers of calais ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/fa/The_burghers_of_Calais.jpg ) , my favorite sculpture .
2 the one in paris is even better . one of the little-known attractions that is quite interesting .	i've only been to the one in paris , and it's really nice . wouldn't call it little-known however , it is just steps from les invalides and is usually

1 newborn babies have a natural reflex to swim for the first 4-6 months of their lives . the instinct then disappears , and must be re-taught .	[ baby swim school ] ( http://www.waterbabies.co.uk )

1 cockroaches grown in space became quicker and stronger than their terrestrial counterparts	hmm quicker and stronger ? find a food source , evolution takes over and then we have fucking starship troopers .

1 arnold schwarzenegger did not accept his california governor's salary of $ 175,000 per year because of his already substantial wealth from his acting career .	shame on him for his sheer laziness . " i am one of the most famous human beings on the planet . i could bed any woman i want .

1 strom thurmond who staunchly opposed the 1964 civil rights act to end segregation was the father of a secret , illegitimate mixed race child with his 16 year-old black maid	dirty , rotten , racist piece of shit lives 100 years comfortably and dies in his sleep , at home in his own bed . the world is so depressing
2 not everyone against the cra was racist	then why would they oppose ending segregation and discrimination based on race , gender , religion ?
3 private property rights	which are not more important than human rights . something libertarians don't understand .

1 david bowie plays guitar , piano , saxophone , harmonica , synthetizers , vibraphone , xylophone , koto , drums , viola and cello	he can also play nicolas tesla and an alien from outerspace pretty damn well .

1 there's a giant hole called the devil ’ s kettle that swallows half a river and no one has any idea where it goes . over the years , researchers	i wanna see the awesome ass underground lake

1 : when asked about atheists pope francis replied " they are our valued allies in the commitment to defending human dignity , in building a peaceful coexistence between peoples and	pope be dropping mad knowledge .

1 dave matthews ' older sister , anne , was murdered in 1994 by her husband , who later killed himself . dave and his sister jane then began to raise	real fans call him dave
2 as did i , your point ?	i think he meant - we just say " dave " - last name not used :)

1 famous mathematician paul erdos was once challenged to quit taking amphetamines for one month by a concerned friend . he succeeded , but complained " you've showed me i'm not	i've been lucky enough to meet the guy in 1988 , quite a character :-)
2 did you go author anything with him ? what's your erdos number ?	no way , i was a student back then and wasn't and i am not in that league anyway . i think my number was a lame 3 last time

1 forty-two percent of all gamers are women and women over 18 years of age	yeah but they mostly play shit like farmville and angry birds .

1 every winter at a research station in the south pole , 50 people are left totally isolated for 8 months . an annual tradition for the personnel is the back	because nothing like having psychological terror in the middle of nowhere
2 off-topic , but do you get a lot of steam key pm's ?	no not really

1 the pirate bay tried buying their own island in hopes of making their own country with no copyright laws .	soooo , china ?

1 tic tacs are labelled as zero sugar despite sugar being it's primary ingredient because if a single serving contains less than 0.5 g of sugars it is allowable to express	what happend to 5 and above give it a shove ?

1 soviet psychology once classified " the struggle for truth and justice " as a symptom of paranoid , delusional schizophrenia .	> what was meant by saying that a person is mentally ill ? marat vartanyan said , * * " … when a person is obsessively occupied with something .
2 / r / adviceanimals would be sent to the gulags	like that's a bad thing

1 nichelle nichols was talked out of quitting her role as uhura on ' star trek : the original series ' by martin luther king jr . , because showing a	* because he told her it would change racial equality

1 executive fred thorlin , who while working with bill gates introduced a game to him , beat bill 35 out of 37 times . when they met again a month	round and round we go . definitely easier to see with multiple rolls .

1 the british empire was the largest empire the world has ever seen , claiming 23 % of the world's land area and population of 458 million	britain , right-o !

1 the swastika is a symbol of peace and well being , and is still used in the symbol for janism .	you learned this today ?

1 : on 12/7 / 1941 , it was actually not admiral yamamoto's intention to attack pearl harbor without any formal warning . the 5,000 word declaration of war had taken	the article is clear there was no declaration of war in the undelivered message .

1 the hair on a gecko's foot are so tiny that it can form inter-molecular forces of attraction with most surfaces and thus making the gecko adhere even on glass without	the real geckoman

1 some senators complained ' mr . smith goes to washington ' made the senate ' look like a bunch of crooks . '	yeah , this crooked politician theme is getting old already . maybe they should stop ( and i don't mean hollywood ) .

1 china has a law that requires every citizen over the age of 11 to plant at least one tree per year . as a result , china currently has the	bullshit . source : i'm surrounded by 8 people from china who have never heard of this . also lived in china ... never heard of it .
2 you guys are missing the real question here . why are you surrounded by 8 chinese ! are you about to get your ass kicked for owing 22 large to	you're an hour too late !

1 margaret thatcher was reportedly more proud of becoming the first prime minister with a science degree than the first female prime minister of the united kingdom .	she did something with a science degree ? that is extraordinary .

1 frank zappa was invited to perform in live aid concert ( to raise funds for relief of the ethiopian famine ) but he refused , calling the event " the	frank , as much as i loved him as an artist , was a sorry ass , bitchy motherfucker who never understood the word " heart " before he became
2 tell that to the people of the czech republic .	he did nothing for the chez republic during the cold war . played europe every year - never said a word - from stage or off - about the conditions

1 in the online game eve a player group spent 12 months infiltrating a rival group , then assassinated their leader and stole or destroyed $ 16,500 . 00 usd worth	from the wiki article , " such dangers are an inherent part of eve online's virtual economy and thus are * * purposely not dealt with by the developers .
2 i haven't played the game , but that alone has made me love the concept . it's almost like a social experiment .	there are various economists that follow eve precisely looking at its super laissez faire approach to economics . tl ;D r : corporatism and mafia style oligopolies

1 shakuntala devi , an indian mental calculator , was asked to give the 23rd root of a 201 - digit number ; she answered in 50 seconds . her answer	> she was asked to give the 23rd root of a 201 - digit number so they asked her to figure out , * in her head * , what
2 just ... how ...	if you just calculate 10 ^ ( 201/23 ) you already get pretty close . the rest is " just " fine tuning by rules others already posted .

1 during the chaos of the african campaign in wwii axis general rommel found himself visiting an allied controlled field hospital . he inquired if supplies were needed and promised to	this guy ... all that can be said about him is he considered war a sport , and he was by far the fairest player on the field .

1 : bugs bunny's nonchalant carrot-chewing standing position , originated in a scene in the film it happened one night , in which clark gable's character leans against a fence ,	just learned about this in my film class

1 stuxnet , the most sophisticated virus known to date , may have been created by the us government .	it was also an illegal sabotage tool that practically performed an act of war on a nation not at war with the us .
2 sorta like raiding an embassy .	sorta . kind of alleviates high grounds doesn't it .
3 not in the slightest . the high ground is and will always be doing our best to prevent people and regimes that are as terrible and harmful [ as this	you are taking the high ground where you are not morally allowed to in order to further an immoral agenda .

1 reese's pieces aren't made with peanut butter . instead it's a fudge like filling flavored like peanuts .	this is why peanut butter m & ms are far superior ! crunchy shell , milk chocolate , and real peanut butter all in perfect proportion . as a peanut
2 i completely agree plus the slight saltiness of the peanut butter is a perfect balance to the sweet chocolate . reece's pieces are missing that subtle but amazing difference .	yesss they're so good ! which reminds me , i haven't had any in a while ... i should stop and get some on my way home from work :)

1 that the author of the " alchemist " , paulo coelho was caught by his publisher leaking his works through pirate bay !	love the book . love the guy !

1 in the online game eve a player group spent 12 months infiltrating a rival group , then assassinated their leader and stole or destroyed $ 16,500 . 00 usd worth	see you hear these stories and go " aww shit i wanna play this game " . then you do and find out that all you do it mine space

1 kars 4kids , the car donation non-profit famous for its radio jingle , donates 100 % of its proceeds exclusively to jewish causes , including jewish education and summer camps	can't stand that fucking jingle .

1 to get the role of jim morrison , val kilmer learned 50 doors songs . he sung them so well that when they heard him sing them , the real	nobody ever told val kilmer that he can stop gaining weight for the fat jim morrison scene .
2 he's just trying to win the role of toronto mayor rob ford in " the double doors "	collision ! ^ ^ am ^ ^ i ^ ^ doing ^ ^ it ^ ^ right ?

1 vin diesel has played dungeons and dragons for 20 + years and had a fake tattoo of his characters name during the filming of xxx	logged in just to upvote this . anyone for taking wild guesses of what his character is ? my guess : half-orc cleric , chaotic good

1 : j . k . rowling lost her billionaire status because she donated so much of her money to charity .	j . k . rowling is a gorgeous woman . 0 / / / 0

1 mary-kate olsen refused to speak to authorities about the death of heath ledger without the promise of legal immunity	guessing the rumors that she sent a clean-up squad . oh , and the olsens have a clean-up squad ! they bang middle aged men . that's kinda disturbing .

1 when writing " paradise city , " the band had to vote on the second line because slash wanted " where the girls are fat and they've got big titties	i'm sure the song would have done just as well if that was the case ...

1 since 1945 , all british tanks have come equipped with tea making facilities	in north africa during ww2 , they would cease fighting at dusk so the brits could have tea and the germans their coffee . they would then radio each other
2 my grandfather told me stories of them cooking potatoes in the exhaust of their tank on the northern africa campaign . they'd pop them in and they would rattle around	that's fantastic ! i know the ruskies had issues keeping their tanks running as they ran on ethanol and the troops would drink it instead . war's hell !

1 mark wahlberg had committed 20-25 offenses by the age of 21 . these included throwing rocks at a bus full of black schoolchildren and knocking a vietnamese man unconscious and	that's bad , but his most heinous crime was starring in the happening
2 i have literally never met someone who enjoyed this movie . ^ ^ i ^ ^ thought ^ ^ it ^ ^ was ^ ^ pretty ^ ^ good ^	i thought the trailer looked pretty good . movie totally sucked though .

1 the human skull is one of the least deformable substances found in nature , needing 1 ton of force to reduce its diameter by 1 centimeter .	gotta protect dat noodle of yurs .

1 : " spielberg wanted [ ' raiders ' villain ernst toht ] to be a cyborg , with a metal arm that could transform into a flamethrower and machine gun	actually , that sounds kind of cool .

1 aluminum chlorohydrate , the active ingredient in most deodorant , is linked to alzheimer's and neurotoxicity	correlation is not causation and iirc there is no evidence that the increase in aluminum in the brain is anything more than a bi-product , not a cause .

1 there's going to be a 6th chucky movie , scheduled for release this upcoming halloween	this has been known for a while , i'm sad it's not coming out in theaters though .

1 100 years ago detroit electric automobiles were reliably getting 80 miles between recharging , and one test saw 211.3 miles on a single charge .	no safety equipment weight . no airbags . no seat belts even . also it was slower than a golf cart .

1 2013 united nations survey found that 62 % of men on bougainville island , part of the solomon islands archipelago , have at least once raped a woman or girl	explains why i haven't seen this island in any study abroad pamphlets yet .

1 the flash travelled back in time , became a form of pure energy , and was the very bolt of lightning that gave him powers in the first place .	my favorite flash thing is . in " kingdom come " he dedicates his life to preventing crime and accidents in one small city by running around non stop .

1 weird al intended to parody the beatles " free as a bird " on his album bad hair day . paul mccartney gave permission for the parody , but since	yoko - always getting in the way of good times .
2 seriously ... [ fuck yoko ono ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_ShVT_kgMo )	[ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9kgu71d81U ) ' s the video bill burr is referencing in that video .
3 the goat horteling starts at around 1:15	what a little immature bitch

1 even monkeys introduced to a currency system will exhibit rational economic behavior and reasoning	i thought once they had currency they turned to prostitution .

1 it is an offence to say that the golden color of the german flag as " yellow " .	schwarz-rot-scheiße is the best !

1 an eagle scout who joins the us army is automatically promoted to private first class .	true story , happened to me

1 if you bite into a wint-o-green lifesaver in the dark you can see a spark . this is due to a phenomenon called ' triboluminescence '	also you can make frosted glass perfectly see-through again with scotch tape

1 dr . james watson , discoverer of dna , said that genetically , black people are dumber .	he's right you know

1 badgers will sometimes hunt cooperatively with coyotes	honey badgers don't care .

1 when the invading philip of macedon sent this message to sparta - " you are advised to submit without further delay , for if i bring my army into your	spartan kids were taught how to be concisely witty from an early age
2 wait , this is something that can be taught ? not that i'm not witty or anything .	yes , so long as you're naturally intelligent enough for it . the quickest way to learn wit is to spend time around a group of people who enjoy trading

1 in ireland a women who could urinate a large volume was impressive to men . women even killed their rivals .	oh dear what would the matter be seven old ladies stuck in the lavetry ( mispelled for privacy )

1 . cameron diaz advocates urinating outdoors or during a shower because it conserves electricity and water .	fascinating . who gives a fuck .

1 when napoleon emancipated the jews he stated that " i will never accept any proposals that will obligate the jewish people to leave france , because to me the jews	it's nice to be reminded once again that napoleon bonaparte was , in fact , not hitler

1 unicorns are mentioned in the bible in more than a few versus .	wow , this turned into a butthurt thread real quick for both sides ...

1 " finnegans wake " , a book by james joyce , is widely considered to be one of the most difficult works of fiction to read . readers and commentators	[ am i the only one that thought of this song ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ELyco68w5ks ) ? [ it's made of excerpts from the book ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/In_Glorious_Times ) .

1 in mexico , you must obtain a federal license to own a bb gun .	federal regulation like that must be why their crime rate is so low
2 no , its because the americans keep selling them guns .	no , its because obama keeps selling them guns . ftfw

1 there is a mysterious dwarf planet between mars and jupiter called ' ceres ' which has never been visited by spacecraft or photographed in detail , however , earth-bound telescopes	camelot !

1 patrick stewart lost all his hair at 18 and believed that no woman would ever be interested in him again	unfortunately he is somewhat right . 40 % + of women will not date romantically a man who is visibly " balding " . if you want sources look at

1 a reddit user , named alan schaaf , created imgur . he created it because the available image hosting services sucked at the time .	i never would have thought there'd be a day where this was a til .
2 you would have thought this was common knowledge , but i suppose with more reddit users joining every day , some are bound to be ignorant of it .	i've been on reddit for over a year , pretty much daily and did not know this

1 edge of tomorrow , adapted from all you need is kill by hiroshi sakurazaka , who was inspired from his experience from playing video games ; when getting stuck on	... i thought it was some weird metaphor for ptsd a la slaughterhouse five .

1 when genghis khan sent a trade caravan to the khwarezmid empire , the governor of one city seized it and killed the traders . genghis khan retaliated by invading the	> genghis khan even went so far as to divert a river through the khwarezmid emperor's birthplace , erasing it from the map holy shit
2 you know should not fuck someone when they manipulate mother nature to erase your fucking * birthplace * from the face of the earth . that's not just revenge that's	except we still talk about him now . of the other's khan killed , one cannot say the same .
3 , the whole molten silver thing .	the only thing i could think of is drogo pouring a molten gold crown on viserys .

1 spaghetti marinara wasn't invented until the new world was discovered , since tomatoes came from the aztecs . before that , pasta was eaten plain with no sauce ... with	pasta was not only eaten plain . panna is an ancient reduced cream sauce that was used with pasta along with butter , olive oil , and cheeses for other
2 yeah , its hard to believe that there was absolutely no pasta sauce ever until the tomato was brought over especially since there's plenty of non-tomato italian pasta dishes	like alfredo ! the best pasta sauce !
3 just not instant alfredo , that shit is disgusting . turned me off the good stuff for awhile .	what the fuck is instant alfredo ? why would that exist ? i am so confused .

1 when pink flyod was completing " shine on you crazy diamond , " which was an exploration of their former band mate syd barrett's mental decline , an overweight man	pretty much everything the band did after he left was about him . his decline and loss hit them really hard . in a way , he was the sacrificial
2 of course we all know their first album is truly their greatest one anyways	the piper at the gates of dawn ? really , you think ?
3 anyone a fan of meddle ? that has to be my favorite . the whole album remind me of a relaxing spring afternoon .	yes . so yes . echoes and san tropez are two of my favorite floyd songs .

1 the roman emperor nero kicked his pregnant wife to death and then felt so bad about it that he found a young boy that looked uncannily like her , had	that makes it ok then .

1 while studying at cornell , bill nye had carl sagan as a professor	dammit i already knew this haha ... if only i could have karma whore'd from it ;)

1 in 1917 alexander graham bell predicted that " the unchecked burning of fossil fuels would have a sort of greenhouse effect " on the planet , and argued for the	doesn't really surprise me . first paper on human-driven climate change came out in 1896 , discussed the effect of industrial carbon dioxide on the temperature . author concluded that
2 in another 50 years even republicans might believe it .	i know someone who thinks that the occurrence of hurricanes before automobiles were invented is proof that man-made global warming is not a thing .

1 all of the dialogue for the pilot of home movies was improvised .	most underrated show of my childhood .

1 nearly 100,000 hemophiliacs around the world were given blood products contaminated with hepatitis c or hiv . bayer , baxter and the other companies involved knew the products were contaminated	imagine the major shitstorm that would ensue if even one of those executives got injected with any of this stuff by some kind of activist organization . the fbi would

1 the soviets space program didn't only put the first man in space , but also the first women , space station , space rover and had the first ( unmanned	you forgot sputnik . pretty important .

1 scientology isn't legally considered a religion in all countries . switzerland identifies it as a commercial enterprise , france and chile as a cult , and norway as a non-profit	does " non " mean " for " in norwegian ?

1 james may , richard hammond , and jeremy clarkson from top gear will script and shoot a car chase for the new die hard movie .	so based on my viewings of the show , it will be super cars going ridiculously fast and maybe a camper van blowing up at some point ? i am
2 reliant robins all falling over . a car that functions as a boat , but poorly . clarkson's cheeks flapping in an ariel . maybe a really tall car gets	i hope to god they involve a reliant robin ! ! !

1 mark wahlberg had committed 20-25 offenses by the age of 21 . these included throwing rocks at a bus full of black schoolchildren and knocking a vietnamese man unconscious and	that's bad , but his most heinous crime was starring in the happening
2 [ no idea what you're talking about ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/KCHbm.gif )	i have no idea what's * happening * either .

1 there are still 5 people living who were born in the 1800s .	[ only 1890 ' s kids will remember these ! ] ( http://i.ebayimg.com/00/s/MTA2NlgxNjAw/z/e-QAAMXQMTlRZ4MT/$T2eC16F,!zEE9s3!(IipBRZ4MTS,9!~~60_35.JPG)

1 hugh hefner defended playboy publishing a story about straight men being persecuted in a gay society with " if it was wrong to persecute heterosexuals in a homosexual society then	* playboy * has articles ?
2 [ there's actually some really good stuff ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3QRji.jpg )	kubrick seems like a camus fan .

1 adult luna moths develop without a mouth , their only purpose is to mate within their 7 - day lifespan . after which they die of starvation .	i really want to find a way to feed one intravenously so that it stays alive for like way too long just to see if anything strange happens to it
2 considering they are without a mouth , i assume that they might lack or have lost the necessary mechanisms to process and digest any sort of nutrition . just a	but what if you just enrich their blood with the necessary nutrients ? they might just live 5ever
3 ( that means they luna moths might live longer than 4ever ) like dis if you are a strong , independent luna moth who dont need no mouth .	luna moth can still cry evrytim .

1 volkswagen was sued by czechoslovakian car maker tatra before wwii because the original beetle was so similar to the tatra t97 . after germany invaded czechoslovakia in 1938 the lawsuit	for anyone curious , [ here is a picture of the two cars side-by-side . ] ( http://myimg.us/images/11.01.11/21429.jpg )
2 a tatra has been on my short list of cars to own one day . i've got a few nsu cars ( they built the beetle before it went to	nsu cars just sounds completely wrong if you happened to have followed any german news a few months ago ;)

1 danny trejo often chooses to play bad guys to teach younger audiences that bad guys often die or go to prison , and that one should try to live a	sounds nice , but i think the real reason he would do it is because he has built his career around that role and is more likely to find a

1 undateable now the only sitcom being broadcasted on nbc	hopefully they keep it . i can't get enough of this show .

1 ozzy osbourne once got so wasted before a meeting with the german head of cbs europe , he left thinking he had ' lightened the mood ' with a striptease	this is some shit you'd see on metalocalypse .
2 it would be murderface ... totally murderface .	murderface was created to basically represent black sabbath . he looks like geezer and acts like ozzy .

1 morgan freeman is against black history month	well i can't really make up my mind on this until i hear what ja rule has to say .

1 the number of chinese killed by the japanese during ww2 is greater than the number of jews killed in the holocaust	the germans also killed more russians and about the same number of poles compared to jews who died during the holocaust .
2 so ww2 was pretty much the low point of the century ... edit : my highest rated comment is about how much our species failed in the 20th century .	1/40 of the entire world population died during world war ii .
3 1/3 of the entire population died during the plague , but you don't hear anyone talking about how evil rats or bacteria are . it's just hitler this and hitler	only 1/3 of the european population , which would have been a lot less than the global population

1 buzz aldrin's mother's maiden name was moon .	imagine it was his dad's surname . buzz moon .
2 if they named their son moon , his full name would be moon moon . http://i.imgur.com/LyIlBvJ.png damn it , whose idea was it to take moon moon to the moon	alpha storm ? i'm a badass bitch !

1 mr . immortal is a superhero who exists in the marvel universe with no special powers except immortality . he has recovered from being shot , suffocated , stabbed ,	most of those things happened to him at the hands of deadpool

1 patrick stewart lost all his hair at 18 and believed that no woman would ever be interested in him again	... and he would be 100 % correct , had he not become wealthy . truth hurts .

1 kevin carter committed suicide 3 months after winning the pulitzer prize for a photograph of a starving toddler being stalked by a vulture	i jist saw a movie about this guy

1 during the filming of the nude co-ed shower scene in starship troopers , director paul verhoeven was also completely naked . it was the only way the actors agreed to	i recently heard a young woman complaining that the movie was misogynistic for having the shower scene . she didn't believe me when i explained that heinlein was actually trying
2 except that they're more or less not allowed to interact with each other in the book . infantry would be severely reprimanded if speaking to pilots , especially female ones	i read those instances as being more about enlisted fraternizing with officers than about gender interaction in general .

1 more american soldiers died on prison ships during britain's occupation of new york island than in all the battles of the revolutionary war .	if britain won , slavery in north america would have been ended much earlier .

1 , brian banks did 5 yrs in jail after a high school girl falsely accused him of rape . she also sued the school district & won $ 1.5 m	i am amazed he didn't go chris brown in her .

1 in 1966 french president charles de gaulle demanded that all american military personnel leave france . american president lyndon johnson asked if that order applied to american soldiers in french	> rusk offered or planned to offer to resign in the summer of 1967 , because " his daughter planned to marry a black classmate at stanford university , and
2 lest we forget , " [ guess who's coming to dinner ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guess_Who%27s_Coming_to_Dinner ) " came out in 1967 . it was an actual national issue at the time	it wasn't until 1994 that more than half of americans approved of interracial marriage https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Interracial_marriage_in_the_United_States&mobileaction=toggle_view_desktop#Public_opinion
3 my grandma has said on several occasions that it's wrong for an interracial couple to have a child because s / he wouldn't know what race to date . yup	nowadays she'd be posting that on tumblr ...

1 the serial killer known as the “ hillside strangler ” , kenneth bianchi , while actively murdering women was also applying to join the ranks of the lapd and attended	kenneth bianchi went to my high school . i had more than one teacher reference the position a desk i was sitting in once belong to one of the hillside

1 the scooby-doo movie ( 2002 ) was originally going to be dark and pg - 13 , with marijuana jokes and a side relationship between velma and daphne	looks like at least one of the jokes made the cut http://slaymyboredom.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/maryjane1.jpg
2 as a kid , i always thought it was a spider-man reference . idiot ...	i am still an idiot , please explain ?
3 ... where do you live ? a damp cave ?	outside of america .

1 the dualshock 2 / ps2 controllers had pressure sensitivity on most of the buttons .	pretty sure this was one of the main advertised selling points ...

1 jerry seinfeld met his wife while she was engaged to another man . she married the other guy in june 1998 , went on a three week honeymoon , came	tl ;D r jerry seinfeld's wife is a hoe .

1 doritos changed cooler ranch to cool ranch in the 90 ' s . i'm not crazy	hipster doritos . cooler before they were cool .

1 there is an old finnish saying : " if booze , tar , or the sauna won't help , the illness is fatal . "	remember : sow-na not saw-nuh !
2 silly english language .. why can't you just spell your words the same way they're spoken ?	the simple belief ' if it's foreign and we can't find a way to make money off of it , it's wrong " .

1 gold can be created in a laboratory , but it is dangerously radioactive .	isn't this called nuclear transmutation ?
2 good thing is that learning it doesn't cost you hand , leg and a brother . bad thing is that it gives you cancer	hey , they never thought that the hand leg and brother would get them gold . they thought it would bring back the dead .

1 after hurricane ike in 2008 , comcast customers were billed for unreturned equipment that had been destroyed by the hurricane . customers were charged as much as $ 1000 for	oh yea they still had me pay my bill even though my power was out for 3 and a half weeks

1 nascar rose in popularity in 1979 after the first nationally televised race ended with the leaders crashing on the last lap , and then proceeding to fight in the muddied	lately it seems like nascar is adopting the wwe drama . i guess they know their products have overlapping demographics .

1 christian , judaic , and islamic texts all ban interest on loans	and all 3 religions circumvent it , jews don't apply it to gentiles , christians forgot about it and muslims have " islamic banking . "
2 islamic banking still does not apply interest .	actually , they do have interest . they just don't call it interest . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Islamic_banking there is actually an entire branch of law whose sole purpose is to figure out

1 joseph stalin's son yakov , shot himself because of stalin's harshness toward him , but survived . afterwards , stalin said " he can't even shoot straight "	i cannot help but wonder if the world will ever see a man quite like stalin again . he was just so ... inhuman .

1 neil flynn , who played janitor on scrubs , would improvise in the role so often that once the screenplay said ' janitor : whatever neil says '	[ why isn't there a best of link to youtube in this thread ? ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8v2mEg9Cpvs ) ^ ^ oh ^ ^ look , ^ ^ there's ^ ^

1 after discovering his hotel alias , michael jackson used to prank call russell crowe and say things like " ' is mr . wall there ? is mrs . wall	russel doesn't strike me as the type of guy that would find this humorous , like at all .
2 according to that wiki , his response was pretty much " * you're supposed to grow out of doing that , right ? * " funny , coming from a	i was such a huge fan of his , but learning of how much of a dick he is really spoiled something about him for me . really haven't watching

1 after receiving complaints about the size of their sandwiches , subway responded " ' subway footlong ' is a registered trademark as a descriptive name for the sub sold ...	subway also tried suing a gas station chain called casey's from my home state of iowa because they were using the term " footlong " to describe their sandwiches .

1 the current director of the fbi keeps a copy of the fbi request to wiretap martin luther king , jr . , " as a reminder of the bureau's capacity	my instinct is to perceive this as a feel good / pat this guy on the head kind of story . but part of me wants to resist .
2 stop resisting ! ! * clubs / u / up_my_butt upside the head with a flashlight *	[ you call that resisting ? ! ] ( http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/payday/images/d/d0/ZrJvKcD.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20141016040331 )

1 when michael foot was put in charge of a nuclear disarmament committee , the times announced the news with the headline " foot heads arms body "	my friends , i have just read the ultimate pun . nothing will ever beat but feel free try anyway .

1 in some countries , octopuses must receive anesthesia before surgery because of their intelligence	octopuses get surgery
2 i gave a $ 100 fish emergency surgery . felt like quite the man to be honest . edit : i should probably mention that it died .	as a child i used to give snails " shell transplants " by shoving them into old , discarded shells found around the garden . very high mortality rate .
3 i didn't want to say it but that's pretty fucked up .	when you're a kid you really don't understand things like that . its why kids tend to hurt / bully animals

1 in 1997 william shatner agreed to become the spokesman for priceline in exchange for some stock in the young company . this has earned him approximately $ 600 million as	so today op learned something that isn't true . how many times does this happen ?

1 dr . phil played linebacker for tulsa . his team lost to the university of houston 100 – 6 in one of the most lopsided games in college football history	that's just shit defense dr . phil .

1 fanta is available in hundreds of flavors , including " mushroom , " " red tangerine , " " lychee soursop , " and " banana fermented milk "	also fanta in spain is the nectar of the gods compared to the us counterpart .
2 i guess you could say its * puts on glasses * fantastic	yeaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhh

1 charles whitman , the texas tower shooter , asked for an autopsy to be done after his death to determine what made him kill . the autopsy found a tumor	pretty sad , mental illness is a real problem .

1 in 1916 a miscalculation of montana's population led to 40,000 men being drafted into the 1st world war ... 10 % of the state's population .	new zealand sent 10 % of its population without any clerical errors . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Military_history_of_New_Zealand_in_World_War_I

1 bayern have now matched arsenal ( 03/04 ) and juventus ( 11/12 ) for 49 domestic games unbeaten - 10 more games to beat ac milan's ( 91/93 ) 58	bayern are op
2 sorry i don't understand this ? could u explain .	bayern are overpowered .

1 markhor means " snake eater " in persian .	yeah , para-medic says it too .

1 the gnarls barkley song ' crazy ' topped the uk charts for so long it was eventually pulled so people would " remember the song fondly and not get sick	too bad that idea wasn't had on this side of the pond .

1 neither france nor morocco were the first countries to acknowledge u . s sovereignty , in reality , the danish and dutch were the first , saluting american ships in	this is pretty cool . i wonder what the u . s . sailors thought when they saw it , or if either parties even realized the significance .

1 the 1992 comedy " my cousin vinny " is so well regarded in the us legal community that it is frequently used in law schools to demonstrate courtroom procedures such	this is 100 % true . my evidence professor showed clips in class last semester .

1 during the filming of " world war z " the hungarian anti-terrorism unit raided a warehouse full of prop guns for the film . the guns were all found to	i am a hungarian . as i heard in the news the weapons was disabled , just did not correspond to the hungarian rules . so the weapons was functional

1 sir george everest opposed the naming of mount everest in his honour because it could not be translated into hindi or pronounced by the native people .	considering the number of bodies littering the path the summit , a better name would have been mount darwin .

1 in the us , drying laundry on a line is seen as a sign of poverty rather than common sense	wtf . talk about over legislation . pretty much everyone in new zealand has clothes driers but bugger all people actually use them except when they need something dried asap
2 australia here ... yard's so big , it's a 5 minute walk to the clothes line . it's not frowned upon by the neighbours , but a wallaby may nibble	aren't you afraid that a scorpion , spider , or box jellyfish will hide in your clothes , lurk for a few days , than murder you when you put
3 in australia , spiders et al don't have to " lurk " . they can stroll leisurely down the street and murder someone whenever they damn well please .	but they only kill the weak , so the gene pool remains strong . survival of the fittest , baby .

1 ryan white , an hiv / aids spokesman in the 80s , was expelled from middle school after contracting hiv from an infected blood transfusion . 117 parents and 50	i am unsure how this will go over but ryan white use to spit in water fountains and brush up against people just to scare them during a time when
2 we too often turn regular people into huge saints or huge villains and remember them as those cartoon characters rather than just real people .	of course , i wasn't implying that ryan was a villain by any means . he was wronged , but he did wrong also , maybe . my source is

1 jesus was given a crown of thorns by roman soldiers as a way to mockingly compare him to augustus cesar , who in that time was commonly referred to as	disclaimer : mythology .
2 edginess at maximum capacity seriously though , it's a neat coincidence isn't it ?	unfortunately this little tidbit didn't rate a mention [ augustus ' ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Augustus ) own page though every other nickname is mentioned . looks like its more fraudulent than

1 katie holmes chose to do mad money w / queen latifah instead of reprising her role as rachel in the dark knight .	i preferred maggie gyllenhaal anyway . a much more * real * looking person for the role .
2 itt : ugly = real edit : she looks like kirsten dunst's autistic sister	neckbeards hating on famous hot womennn woooooooo

1 nikola tesla was voluntarily chaste , despite numerous women " vying for his affections ... some even madly in love with him " , because he believed sex inhibited his	yes . that's totally what it was ...
2 it was like that . if you read accounts of him he was probably autistic and a little crazy . he was clearly not interested in any sort of relationship	yep , dude had ocd and refused to touch anything with dust on it , a man after my own heart .

1 chris farley was suppose to be the voice of shrek ( he was over 80 % done with the dialogue before he died )	that fiona is one piece of ace
2 and i should know	no you don't

1 andre the giant once drank 127 beers in a hotel bar , passed out in the lobby , and , because he was so large , no one could move	the information that you are looking for : 7 ft 4 in ( 2.24 m ) 475 lb ( 215 kg ) – 540 lb ( 240 kg )
2 i also hear he has a posse .	he is a posse , all by himself .

1 : methuselah , from the bible , is accredited as being the oldest person to have ever lived , dying at age 969 years . but it is thought that	no . it's not supposed to make sense . the genre of the text ( primeval history ) is perfectly comfortable with someone living hundreds of years . on a
2 yes , but that sumerian king was a goa'uld system lord . not the same .	indeed .

1 " lone survivor " marcus luttrell received a dog when he got home to aide in his recovery . in 2009 4 men shot the dog , and luttrell chased	" i don't think you understand , these boys killed my dog " - shooter ... was all i could think of .

1 indonesia realized dead manta rays are worth $ 500 whereas manta ray tourism brought in $ 1,000 , 000 over the life of a single ray . indonesia is now	kenya realized that the wildlife keeps money coming into their country a few years ago . i was swimming near mombasa a few years ago , in someplace i shouldn't
2 " i'm not an asshole , i'm just dumb " is one of my new mottos for all the stupid shit i do .	better yet , why just stop there ? get it tattooed on your forehead . that will show the world what's up .

1 bayer , famous for producing aspirin , purchased prisoners at auschwitz to test new drugs	why is no one commenting about the jewish skeleton collection . that is the most disturbing part of this story . it made me shake with rage .

1 the crown princess of the netherlands goes to a public school .	the crown princess of the netherlands is fucking adorable ! princess of orange ? are you kidding me , is this a fairy tale ?
2 orange is kind of our thing .	after reading a little history , i'd guess so ! floridian here ( us ) , and oranges are kind of our fruit . i don't know if that relates

1 margaret thatcher was reportedly more proud of becoming the first prime minister with a science degree than the first female prime minister of the united kingdom .	bad luck britain : first female prime minister elected ... is thatcher .

1 roger ebert said the 2004 film national treasure was " so silly that the monty python version could use the same screenplay , line for line . "	nick cage outsmarts a computer at solving an anagram in that flick . fucking good flick .
2 i think the anagram solver was poorly programmed , it didn't take into account that a single letter could be used several times . that sounds like riley's fault .	true . all things considered he was a pretty , pretty , preeeeeetty bad sidekick .
3 dude what ? if it wasn't for riley , ben never would've even been able to make it into the gala because riley forged the id . or get past	don't forget daylight savings time wasn't invented until after ww1 .

1 the sand cat can survive in temperatures ranging from − 5 ° c ( 23 ° f ) to 52 ° c ( 126 ° f ) and although they	cats are pretty amazing with water . if i feed both of mine wet food , they don't drink any water at all . i end up changing the water

1 band-aids emit a blue flash of light when pulled apart - visible to the human eye when you do it in the dark !	i loved doing this with the wintergreen lifesavers when i was a kid . bite one in the dark for the spark .

1 jamie oliver's children's first names are : poppy honey rosie , daisy boo pamela , petal blossom rainbow , buddy bear maurice .	and they live with their two dogs : megan and harry

1 snl and the simpsons actor phil hartman had expressed interest in buying the rights to shoot a live action movie about his favourite character troy mcclure , and had many	it's sad that phil hartman's * brilliant * work on news radio is so forgotten .
2 news radio is on my external hard drive of media . when people raid it for got and ask me , " what's news radio " they've fallen into my	dave foleys face when he delivered that line was perfect .
3 dave foley should be on everyone's list of the all time greatest comedy straight men .	i agree , but he was also good when he was trying to be funny ... or pure evil .

1 hugh hefner defended playboy publishing a story about straight men being persecuted in a gay society with " if it was wrong to persecute heterosexuals in a homosexual society then	well , he's right , isn't he ?
2 yeah , but the reason why he was criticised is because at the time , and still to this day , straight men are * not * being persecuted or	being uncommon doesn't make it ok .

1 bruce lee could snatch a dime off a person's open palm before they could close it , and leave a penny behind	from the sidebar - " submit interesting and specific facts that you just found out ( not broad information you looked up , todayilearned is not / r / wikipedia

1 hellen keller was a radical socialist .	she was also a horrible driver .

1 ol ' dirty bastard was the first person convicted under a california law making it illegal for a convicted felon to wear a bulletproof vest .	pretty sure he collected welfare while riding in a limo . god damn i miss dirt mcgurt
2 yeah i remember watching that on tv . straight rolls up to a welfare office to pick up his check ... unbelievable . its a good thing part of my	a teensy part you get back come tax refund time i'm sure .

1 volkswagen owns audi , bentley , bugatti , lamborghini , porsche , and ducati	lamborghini gallardo = audi r8
2 audi r8 = lamborghini gallardo without soul and emotions .	audi r8 = a stunning car that most anyone in this thread would cut off any variety of body parts to own .

1 purple is known as the colour of royalty because in ancient times the only way of producing the rare purple dye was from an extraction process of a murex snail	[ and here is tony robinson making purple & almost throwing up from the smell ] ( https://youtu.be/IZw3Z2ms9-8 )

1 the 2 million man strength of china's people's liberation army is not the result of conscription	one does not need conscription when you have a population of 1.3 billion people , and a sizable number of them living below the poverty line . the army provides
2 it is difficult for the poor , uneducated to join the pla .	yeah , i think he meant the * us * army , where jocks go instead of college .

1 in about 1 billion years , the sun's luminosity will have gone up by 10 % ; the increase in solar temperature will cause the earth's water to evaporate and	then we'll need al the co2 we can get then .

1 at 22 years old titanic's only surviving wireless operator harold bride stayed on the ship as long as possible sending sos messages . after being rescued by carpathia and suffering	also the marconi company is stillin business in canada under the name esterline cmc , it now makes aviation equipment and is over 100 years of continuous operation .

1 the canadian ice hockey team were so dominant that they did not participate in the knock-out tournament of the 1930 world championships . they were put straight into the gold	this continued until the soviets revolutionized how players are trained as well as how the game was played . the soviets developed a system to get players to play as

1 before he became emperor , it was predicted that roman emperor caligula had " no more chance of becoming emperor than of riding a horse across the bay of baiae	caligula is fucking crazy .

1 hans island is a disputed territory between canada and denmark . when the danish visit , they leave a bottle of schnapps for the canadians . when the canadians visit	so i guess they did find a way to wage ... civil war .
2 that's hardly civil . canadian club is terrible .	i have never in my life seen somebody drink it in canada . i am pretty sure it is only consumed by people in other countries .

1 sony after the 2012 security breaches changed psn user agreement to require users to agree not to sue sony over any future security breach .	any court in eu would laugh at that clause and fine the company for vexatious clauses .

1 the opening dialog in the daft punk song " contact " is taken from real nasa recordings of the apollo 17 mission .	holy shit . i just started listening to this song . mind blown .

1 weird al yankovic has asked permission from prince to parody his songs on numerous occasions , and has always been refused . when the two were assigned to sit in	as awesome as prince is , he is his own worst enemy . he could be loved by so many if he would just quit being such a twit .
2 i doubt he cares . he had a pretty good run of positive press in the 80s . as time has gone on he's shown he just wants to make	so you say we're going to stop caring about weird al at some point ? heretic .

1 the show ' firefly ' has been permanently added to the international space station as a form of entertainment for the station's crews .	i worry for the poor astronaut who's never seen the show , sits down to watch the episode " out of gas " and freaks the hell out .
2 i just feel bad for them in general , it's almost torture watching the few episodes and knowing there aren't anymore ...	i still haven't watched the last two episodes =( ... i just don't want it to end .
3 the last episode is the greatest thing i've ever seen . watch it !	really wish we had more of jubal early .

1 : the shortest correspondence in history is between victor hugo and his publisher . hugo was on vacation when les misérables was published . he telegraphed the single-character message "	it's especially hilarious because if victor hugo wrote a pancake recipe , it would be 10 pages long .
2 more like 60 pages . 59 pages describing the history of the crepe and day-to-day life at the original cordon bleu school followed by one page of actual recipe .	hell , i'd read that .

1 koko the " talking " gorilla has allegedly sexually harassed female zoo employees	go home koko , you're drunk

1 merlot sales dropped 2 % and pinot noir sales increased 16 % after the release of the movie " sideways "	in my experience it's far easier to find a good merlot than a good pinot noir . :-(

1 - bruce willis once bought 12,000 girl-scout cookies for millitary service members in the middle east	apparently he kept the final box , calling it the last girl scout .

1 the world record for alcohol consumption is by andre the giant , who drank 156 beers in one sitting ( over 73 litres / 16 gallons )	> as a child , he very early displayed symptoms of his gigantism , reaching a height of 6 ' 3 " ( 190.5 cm ) and weight of 240
2 why would he have been unable to fit on the schoolbus ? i was 6 ' 3 and 210 pounds by the time i was 13 and fit just fine	just quoting the article . maybe it was a small bus .
3 were buses that much smaller back in the 60 ' s or whenever it was he grew up ? i doubt it really	if this guy doubts it , it can't be true !

1 the chinese government encouraged two basketball players ( a 7ft man and 6 ' 3 " woman ) to marry and produce a child who would become a dominant athlete	" encouraged "
2 yes yes . his parents don't actually love each other and this was all an experiment concocted by the evil chinese communists .	we did it reddit !

1 helena bonham carter's maternal grandfather saved thousands of jews from the holocaust during world war ii	and then she became the heinrich himmler of the wizard world . dat bitch killed sirius ...
2 spoiler .	it's been like 10 years , not really much of a spoiler

1 the beastie boys coined the term " mullet " to refer to a hairstyle in 1994 in their song " mullet head " . no earlier use of the term	i don't believe this . i had a mullet hair style back in 1992 , and it was called a mullet hair style when i had it .

1 royal eunuchs in korea were castrated by applying human feces to the testicles , and having a dog bite them off .	they tried peanut butter , but it resulted in many a orgasm .

1 martin scorsese is banned from ever entering china , after making a pro-dalai lama movie in 1997	" he always wants to go to lhasa . "

1 the record holder for most survived lightning strikes , at 7 , was struck while operating a truck , inside a ranger station , on two separate occasions after running	couldn't finish reading the wiki account of the seven lightning strikes because i was laughing too hard . assholery confirmed .

1 during ww1 a german naval officer led his landing party on an epic 11000km escape back to germany after watching his ship sink in the indian ocean .	sie nannten ihn mücke

1 some people can " flex " muscles in their inner ears to produce a low rumbling sound	i've wondered what that was my entire life . mystery solved .

1 whales milk is similar in constancy as toothpaste ; it must be thick , or else it will dissipate into the surrounding water .	http://wac.450f.edgecastcdn.net/80450F/popcrush.com/files/2013/02/sundaes.gif
2 sigh ... source ?	[ the video for katy perry's " california gurls . " ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F57P9C4SAW4 )

1 sean bean , elijah wood , sean astin , orlando bloom , billy boyd , ian mckellen , john rhys-davies , dominic monaghan and viggo mortensen all have the word	i thought one of them didn't do it . davies , i think . yup , there in the link . his stunt double got it .
2 oh ... i saw that and i thought it meant that it meant the stunt double got it as well . woops . i apologize for the misleading title .	your apology isn't good enough . drop to the floor and give me fifty .

1 today i learned that the price of admission for a zoo in 18th century england was a dog or a cat - - they were fed to the lions .	today i wish i didn't learn :(
2 you enjoy allowing caged aminals to starve ? you sick fuck .	so long as bratty children exist , who said anything about starving adorable lions ?

1 the inspiration for the episode " bart sells his soul " came from an experience greg daniels had in high school when he convinced a bully to sell him his	i'm satan . i've been doing this for a while now and its surprising how easy people give it away and then feel really bad about it . i do

1 the parents in ferris buellers day off met onset and actually got married after filming	there was almost a sequel to ferris buellers day off .

1 up until 1978 , the mormon church taught that blacks were once an evil race of jews who were colored by god for their wickedness .	i'm not the kinda guy that likes to give people shit about following one of the primary religions but i put mormonism in the same category as scientology . they
2 a ton of people are leaving . especially younger people in the last 10 years .	are you a porn mormon , or just an emphatic ex-mormon ? or did you leave the mormon church on three separate occasions ?

1 when conjoined twin daisy hilton died , her sister violet remained alive and attached to her for several days before they were both found dead .	cause of death the hong kong flu

1 at the time aboriginals arrived on australia , there was a 20ft long , up to 4000lbs / 2000kg carnivorous lizard named megalania . being australia , of course ,	" the australians used to ride these babies for miles ! "

1 mountain dew was created to be used as a mixer for whiskey and the name was slang for moonshine !	not surprising , the throwback mountain dew tastes pretty good with whiskey .

1 iron man three sets up the origin of man-thing	sadly probably just an easter egg .
2 if i remember right , the writers of the movie just tried give characters existing in-universe names when they could . they were not trying to set up for a	man-thing wouldn't be a great choice for a marvel movie . the sci fi channel movie proves it's a fairly limited concept . unless they really want to go wild
3 > the sci fi channel movie proves it's a fairly limited concept . just like the captain america made-for-tv movie proved that cap was a fairly limited concept , right	what is limited about big mclargehuge ? !

1 in 1984 , british comedian tommy cooper had a heart attack and died on live television . the audience all assumed it was part of his act and laughed /	my dad was a cab driver in liverpool and had this guy in his cab once . said he was a really down to earth guy . sad that happened

1 as an undergrad at harvard , neil degrasse tyson rowed crew , lettered in wrestling , and could dance better than you .	his doctoral committee was dissolved because ut felt that he was engaged in too many extracurricular and not taking the program seriously enough .

1 40 years ago today the world lost a great man rip tolkein	the greatest creator to ever live , may he rest in peace .

1 the guillotine was still the official method of execution in france until the death penalty was abolished ... in 1981 .	imagine being the last guy , and hearing this can or will happen .

1 post-punk pioneers fugazi kept their ticket prices around $ 5 . their tours were profitable due to low overhead and the willingness to play in non-traditional venues .	not to mention they would put on one rad show . i love me those basslines .
2 seriously . to this day fugazi has still been one of the best live shows i've seen .	agreed . i will never forget either fugazi show i got to see back in the day . fyi , you can buy live recordings from most of the original

1 mary j . blige hit her own husband in the face and screamed , " what are you gonna do , chris brown me ? "	i bet he wanted to , but realized she was the better fighter and floyd mayweather'd the situation .
2 duck out of the fight ?	yep .

1 alabama's state constitution still mandates racially segregated education , and the last effort to repeal this 6 months ago failed - again .	under federal law , those things still left on the books are virtually unenforceable .

1 democratic republic of the congo is considered the richest country in the world regarding natural resources even though its citizens are among the poorest .	i wonder why . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Congo_Free_State
2 if it hadn't been for those colonial invaders congo would be as productive as japan or south korea .	actually the congo wouldn't exist .

1 in the film ' thank you for smoking ' , none of the characters are ever seen smoking .	isn't there a scene , where he's on the couch with his kid and smoking while watching tv ?

1 in the original script of the big lebowski the dude's car was a chrysler lebaron , however the car was not big enough to fit john goodman so it was	i'm only 6 ' 1 " and i can barely fit in cars . my friend's mom has a mini cooper and when i ride in it , my knees
2 i have a friend that is 6 ' 3 " and he rides in my cooper . fortunately , he knows how to adjust the seats .	we put the seat all the way back . maybe i have disproportionate legs or something .

1 china has a law that requires every citizen over the age of 11 to plant at least one tree per year . as a result , china currently has the	wonder if i could be part of a reforestation effort in nj . this is a good idea , if i could plant a tree once a year .

1 sean connery was filming a love scene when his co-star's gangster boyfriend got jealous and pulled a gun on him . connery grabbed the gun from his hand and twisted	there should be a rule against using wekepedia in this reddit

1 palestinian police can arrest and beat young people who are seen wearing skinny jeans	hey let's hate everyone that dresses different then us ! in all honesty i wear skinny jeans because it fits my body type , i don't understand why people hate

1 " ghostbusters " and " gremlins " both came out on the same day ... 30 years ago today .	holy shit . looking at that list from top to bottom , it's possible that 1984 may have been the greatest year of movie releases ever .
2 there are definitely some classics on that [ list . ] ( https://i.imgur.com/2PRnE9k.gif )	ummm , 1994 begs to differ ...
3 1994 says there are no classics in this line up ? 1994 is crazy . the terminator * ghostbusters * indiana jones and the temple of doom the karate kid	that's strange . revenge of the nerds doesn't have any sequels . none that i can recall . let's keep it that way .

1 assassin's creed iv black flag has attracted criticism from peta for it's whaling mechanic . in response ubisoft stated that they did not condone " illegal whaling " any more	fuck peta .

1 the first president of china , the only president of hawaii , and the current us president all attended the same high school .	punahou , the high school with the largest endowement in the united states that most people don't know about .

1 6 - year-old ryan gosling , inspired by the movie " first blood , " once took steak knives to school and threw them at other children during recess	i guess this is how he got his experience to get hired by [ knife guys ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqoPXC60l_s ) .

1 if finding nemo was real , when nemo's mum and siblings got eaten , nemo's dad would have developed female gonads and formed a breeding pair with nemo .	that would definitely made for a different movie
2 i can't imagine a movie where the protagonist goes , " oh no , my wife and children are dead . i guess i'll turn into a woman and have	has mrs doubtfire written all over it . there was definitely some incestual vibes .

1 cake's newest album was recorded in a solar powered studio that the band built themselves .	the band cake is not as delicious as the food cake .

1 the term african american was coined to give descendants of american blacks who lived through slavery era a heritage and a cultural base . most african americans are unable to	unless they actually immigrated from africa , they're americans . just americans . we don't call our black people african canadians . at least not that i know of .

1 there is a town in alaska that has had a cat as mayor for 15 years .	oh noes . wiki said nothing about the blue grass festival so i looked it up http://ktna.org/2011/08/04/talkeetna-bluegrass-festival-celebrates-its-last-after-years-of-borough-struggle/ rip i had some fun times ...

1 all pakistani passports bear the inscription " this passport is valid for all countries of the world except israel . "	which would make pakistan one of the only moslem countries on the planet that officially recognizes israel as a country then , right ?
2 the logic of the middle east world is a show itself .	too bad pakistan isn't in the middle east . it's in south asia .
3 it is part of the greater middle east or new middle east .	nme in the house baby ! represent !

1 tim curry was almost the 8th doctor	tim curry , tim mcinnery * and * anthony head ? man , they really wanted frank n furter to play the doctor ...
2 tim mcinnery played frank-n-furter ? ! great , now i have visions of captain darling wearing stockings behind that desk . mental floss . now please !	yep . if you pick up an album called " the whole gory story " , it's a cast recording featuring him .

1 director , robert rodriguez was commissioned to video tape his high school's football games but was promptly fired because he shot them " with a cinematic style , getting shots	this is technically a legit reason to fire him . the reason they probably hired him was to film formations and player's patterns that they could use to teach their
2 i wished they would fire whoever is in charge of shooting football ( soccer ) matches . you miss so much play because they want to show the managers face	[ i don't see anything wrong with that . ] ( http://i.minus.com/ihk7aDRvGUL6P.gif )
3 http://i48.tinypic.com/jpza5k.gif	[ self-promotion , i'm out of work ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vo5qX1Yr-hQ ) edit : hyphen .

1 coca-cola thinks " no consumer could reasonably be misled into thinking vitaminwater was a healthy beverage "	woah woah woah vitamin water is unhealthy ? ?

1 due to concerns over the mistreatment of animals , guiness world records no longer accepts any submission regarding an animal's weight .	gay

1 people at a u . s . south pole station watch " the thing " every year - a movie about an outpost like theirs , that is infiltrated by	john carpenter's version ?

1 a bear almost caused world war iii .	wisconsin , ladies and gentlemen !

1 star trek creator gene roddenberry served in wwii with a pilot named kim noonien singh and lost contact with him following the war's end . roddenberry named the villain khan	sad the length you had to go through to contact someone in the days before facebook ...
2 that's the thing . there was never a time when gene roddenberry would have to do this . gene roddenberry was a famous science fiction writer . he could have	but where do you start placing ads ? what makes you choose one city over another ? one publication over another ? if your buddy reads the daily fail and

1 the writing staff of futurama held three ph . d . s , seven masters degrees , and cumulatively had more than 50 years at harvard	[ relavant ] ( http://i.imgur.com/Nth7qOT.jpg )

1 the maniacal laugh in pink floyd's " speak to me " and " brain damage " from the dark side of the moon is naomi watts ' father .	* * that is fucking trippy bro * *

1 mark calaway aka the undertaker established the zeus compton calaway save the animals fund to help pay for lifesaving treatments for large-breed dogs .	and all so that large dogs would have fewer tombstones .

1 philadelphia's mayors were initially unpaid , and often strongly objected to being selected - sometimes opting to pay a large fine rather than serve .	would you want to be mayor of philadelphia though ?
2 well , i mean , at least it's always sunny there ...	true but people are always getting in fights in playgrounds ( at least on the west side ) .

1 the outer space treaty , signed by all major space faring nations , prohibits claiming territory in space or on celestial bodies . space is considered " the shared heritage	just wait till liechtenstein rules a whole planet .

1 of ' project thor ' : a terrifying weapon system that is shockingly simple - 6 m . tungsten rods launched from near earth orbit , invisible to radar ,	quit thinking so small . let's [ scale it up a bit ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Relativistic_kill_vehicle ) .

1 the black death , which killed 75 to 200 million people , almost entirely skipped the nation of poland	didn't even touch madagascar .

1 the pledge of allegiance was originally conceived by a christian socialist , and was then adopted by a flag company as a marketing scheme to sell flags to schools .	i realllllly doubt that . and this is something that i would like to believe to spite people .
2 even better , the original salute was called the bellamy salute , developed and named after the same dude that created the pledge . it was basically the nazi salute	[ pic of students doing the bellamy salute for reference . ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-BasKB5lX0dQ/TsqBpwPUyMI/AAAAAAAADHk/nI9AFooRNMI/s1600/Bellamy2.jpg )

1 the boring , monotone lecture ben stein delivers in ferris bueller was originally meant to be off-camera , but the student extras laughed so hard at his voice that john	" i thought they were applauding because they had learned something about supply-side economics . but they were applauding because they thought i was boring ... it was the best

1 every purple heart awarded by the military since 1945 is one of the 500,000 purple hearts manufactured in anticipation of u . s . casualties resulting from the invasion of	there were 120,000 left as of 2003 - as stated by the article . not 120,000 left as of today .
2 there have been ~ ~ about 50,000 ~ ~ over 55,000 awarded as of 2012 during the conflicts in iraq and afghanistan . edit : found slightly more up-to-date information	a little bit less . iirc the number of purple hearts awarded for oif and oef is roughly 35k to 38k .
3 [ according to wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Purple_Heart ): > afghanistan war : 7,027 ( as of 5 june 2010 ) > iraq war : 35,321 ( as of 5 june	korean war : 118,650 vietnam war : 351,794 persian gulf war : 607 afghanistan war : 7,027 ( as of 5 june 2010 ) iraq war : 35,321 ( as

1 after discovering his hotel alias , michael jackson used to prank call russell crowe and say things like " ' is mr . wall there ? is mrs . wall	i picture him doing this in pajamas and giggling to himself .
2 russell probably thought a schoolgirl was pranking him .	that's ignorant .

1 when genghis khan sent a trade caravan to the khwarezmid empire , the governor of one city seized it and killed the traders . genghis khan retaliated by invading the	half if not more of the stories on genghis khan are probably bullshit , don't know if i believe this one .

1 the original price is right gave a contestant a real elephant as a gag prize , and planned later to give the winner $ 4,000 instead . the winner complained	i will only impressed if pepsi finally fucking delivers that harrier jet .
2 fuck pepsi for that . they can damn well afford to spend 23 million on a jet , it's not like they don't make a net income of 6 billion	harrier jets don't cost that much . an raf 1970 ' s manufactured one sold at auction this summer for £ 115k gbp ( $ 180 usd ) . it

1 japanese general shiro ishii who was in charge of the infamous unit 731 human experimentation project during wwii was pardoned of war crimes by the u . s . in	that's kind of silly , considering that they could have gotten the data anyway .

1 to foster infighting and maximize power , adolf hitler would intentionally give contradicting orders to officers whose duties he knew would overlap .	he may have done bad things , but damn do i want to learn how to play " games " with others .

1 affirmative action programs in the united states have , between 1972 and 1993 , increased the percentage of women architects from 3 % to nearly 19 % of the total	engineer me a sandwich bitch .

1 the theme song from " rocko's modern life " was by the b - 52s	this makes me so happy , you have no idea .

1 lsd is considered to pose less of a threat to your physical health than alcohol .	that is fairly common knowledge by now , or should be at least . alcohol is actually one of the hard drugs .
2 alcohol is very , very bad for you outside of moderation . however , lsd can be deadly too , it is not a " safe drug " .	no , lsd has no known ld50 . there are 0 confirmed overdoses from lsd .

1 the scooby-doo movie ( 2002 ) was originally going to be dark and pg - 13 , with marijuana jokes and a side relationship between velma and daphne	you mean the only thing rueben studdard did after american idol ?

1 its illegal for drug companies to advertise to consumers almost everywhere in the world . the only exceptions are the us and new zealand .	in canada we sometimes get american commercials , and those drug commercials are annoying !
2 i always enjoy that the list of side-effects and other cautions for the drugs are as long as the rest of the commercial .	that cause 14 more problems than the medication fixes .

1 the average redditor is a 25-34 year old man	average . as usual .

1 summer was considered a bad time to release a movie in the theater because of low sales until steven spielberg's jaws .	roosterteeth podcast ?
2 what i thought too , to reference it a bit more . they've also talked about reddit stealing their discussions .	it's a give and take , burnie references reddit all the time .

1 on the show " frasier " , the guest callers on his radio show were famous personalities and celebrities , sometimes joking about their real-life problems . most notable is	i never knew that . i am a huge x files fan and i found it ironic that mulder had a porn obsession and years later david duchovny revealed that
2 you think that was bad ? obviously you haven't watched californication .	i am aware of " californication " in general and , but my initial comment was made because i am an " x-phile " specifically and that is how i
3 i wasn't a sex addict ... more of an enthusiast .	it took me a second , and then--belly laugh xd well played ! also , i totally read that in mulder's voice .

1 during ancient and medieval times alcohol was not only a more popular beverage but likely the more healthy choice since the purity of water was questionable in those times .	when i lived in tanzania we often had more beer than clean water .

1 the n64 game conker's bad fur day only sold 55,000 copies	i fucking loved that game . wish i still had my 64 :(
2 there was a version for xbox called conker live and reloaded , it had a different multi-player but the single player was identical .	the multiplayer was such a letdown . i wanted to be able to play the beach and the bank heist again .

1 andre the giant once drank 127 beers in a hotel bar , passed out in the lobby , and , because he was so large , no one could move	he's no angus macaskill .

1 : when the ocarina of time was remade for the 3ds , nintendo purposefully did not fix many of the original game's bugs , to give players as close an	yeah that's why
2 nintendo : " it'd take us months , maybe years to eliminate all of the bugs in this game , so we're just going to leave them all in ...	op is just delusional or naive
3 well , so is wikipedia then .	lol , you do understand how wikipedia works right ?

1 sean avery is such a douche , he has his own rule in the nhl	i don't think he's that much of a douche . he learned a loophole and exploited it , pretty brilliant . i'm just amazed no one thought of it sooner

1 the fastest cancellation of a tv show belongs to australia's naughtiest home videos , which was pulled midway through its first episode	and for those not around at the time , they showed an old episode of cheers instead of the second half and the ratings went up ! !

1 martin sheen has been arrested 66 times for protesting and acts of civil disobedience	martin sheen , not to be confused with charlie sheen ( pictured ) , who should also not be confused with emilio estevez ... also consider that the birth name

1 an identity thief stole the identity of a surgeon and while aboard a navy destroyer was tasked with performing several life saving surgeries . he proceeded to memorize a medical	what kind of a bloody idiot would steal the identity of a surgeon , of all things ? steal that of something easy to do , goddammit .

1 johnny depp , jude law , and colin farrell gave their entire salaries from the movie " the imaginarium of doctor parnassius " to heath ledger's daughter .	thats a movie ? how generous .
2 heath ledger started off as he main character but died before finishing the movie . those three actors replaced him in the movie , portraying the same character in different	also kind of important : the devil is tom waits .

1 l . a . mobster johnny stompanato dated 50s actress lana turner , once held sean connery at gunpoint on a movie set out of jealousy , was then disarmed	sean connery of the smackahoe tribe .
2 [ " not the worst thing to slap a woman now and then . " ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oo0d1zTAFKA ) edit : according to mr connery .	i did not expect that ending and it as hilarious .

1 the show ' firefly ' has been permanently added to the international space station as a form of entertainment for the station's crews .	such a gem of a show . if this would have come out a few years later on a different network , we might still be watching it . where
2 on board with the actors . they've moved on . we should also .	give it time young grasshopper . never give up hope .
3 any older and we'll need to make the show about their grandkids .	haha ! can't argue that

1 bonnie and clyde were shot so many times that the undertaker had difficulty embalming the bodies because all of the fluid kept leaking out .	that is one awesome tag line you have there op .

1 six lionfish that escaped from an aquarium in florida destroyed by hurricane andrew have now grown into a population so invasive they threaten reef fish habitations throughout the caribbean .	and apparently they are [ delicious ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fx3tf71TdfE ) .

1 above the gates of the buchenwald concentration camp were the words " everyone gets what they deserve " . after the war the camp became a prison site for nazis	how the fuck did you misquote this so badly ?

1 in order for many people convicted of sexual crimes in california , tests such as a polygraph and phallometric testing ( checking if a person gets an erection while watching	this is a documentary about the situation . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IEt3-kuVl5Y

1 that the author of the " alchemist " , paulo coelho was caught by his publisher leaking his works through pirate bay !	but , but , but , piracy is bad isnt it ? ? ?

1 jeffrey dahmer , also known as the milwaukee cannibal , accidentally consumed the sedated drink that he made for his victim , fell asleep , and was robbed of 300	i wonder if he woke up all like " he robbed me ? he robbed me ! what the fuck is wrong with people ? "

1 atari programmers met with atari ceo ray kassar in may 1979 to demand that the company treat developers as record labels treated musicians , with royalties and their names on	and yet the programmers still aren't on boxes and aren't usually well known .
2 layman here , i know gabe newell , sid meyer , chris sawyer , miyamoto , ken levine and a guy called icefrog , that's about it .. other that	david kim and dustin browder -> starcraft 2 . that minecraft dude .. hes probably a known name for those who actually play the game . and are half my
3 marcus ' notch ' pearsson i don't even play the game , but you can't say he hasn't had an impact in gaming , or that some of his statements	love the part where he just outbid jay-z on the spendiest place in tinseltown .

1 a " butt " was a medieval unit of measure for wine . technically , a buttload of wine is about 475 liters , or 126 gallons .	challenge accepted

1 the earliest piece of great literature , the epic of gilgamesh , includes a story in which gilgamesh is told to build a ship to save the animals of the	there's actually a book about this and the decoding of the sumerian cuneiform , written by an expert at the british museum - it's called the ark before noah and

1 the first ever . com domain name was registered 28 years ago today -> ' symbolics.com '	that's interesting . my dad was the east coast service manager for symbolics at that time . the company did blow through money like crazy .

1 in the bullet trains 45 year service there have been zero deaths from derailment and collisons .	* trains '

1 if detroit was a country , it would have the fourth highest murder rate in the whole world .	if every other country had their most violent area count as a separate country too , then detroit's rank would plummet .
2 [ citation needed ] downvote me for wanting a citation ? whats wrong with some of you ?	http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_cities_by_murder_rate #30 when not including areas of war or middle eastern cities .
3 stay away from ; mexico , brazil .	unless you're feeling especially murdery , in which case remember to pack for warm weather .

1 liam neeson turned down being bond because he was " not interested in starring in action movies " .	has anyone else scrolled up to the ' rejects ' section and looked at the very last one ? i laughed my tits off

1 in 1977 , an israeli cargo ship rescued 66 starving vietnamese men , women , and children , after their sos signals had already been ignored by 4 other countries	some [ more info ] ( http://www.jewishvirtuallibrary.org/jsource/Society_&_Culture/idfhumtoc.html ) on israeli humanitarian work around the world .

1 parrotfish eat coral and poop it out as sand , and are responsible for many of the small islands and beaches of the caribbean .	so while i was on my vacation , i made a parrotfish poop castle ? way to ruin a great memory .

1 because a large number of black males are unable to shave without severe irritation , domino's was found in violation of the 1991 civil rights act by requiring all their	super curly hair + close shave = ingrown hairs .
2 that's why many african-american males get a " shaving profile " in the military , which allows them to maintain a very short beard . edit : just to clarify	even the ladies .

1 : 35 % of democrats polled in 2007 believed the president or the cia knew about the 9/11 attacks in advance .	i can't believe you all don't have more questions ... http://i.imgur.com/vuEdE.jpg

1 50 ' s british comedian hattie jacques , famous for pioneering ' fat humour ' ( female ) , had an affair with her driver and , with her husband's	husband brief bio : first wife-alcoholic second wife - had an affair and moved paramour into their house . third wife-had an affair moved out of the house but came

1 patrick stewart lost all his hair at 18 and believed that no woman would ever be interested in him again	fuck , he's 73 ? ! that guy looks damn good for his age .
2 danny trejo is 69 .	he doesn't act that old , but i think he looks that old .
3 he looks better than 99 % of 69 year olds .	he looks like a really hardcore 40 - year-old .

1 famous mathematician paul erdos was once challenged to quit taking amphetamines for one month by a concerned friend . he succeeded , but complained " you've showed me i'm not	just a thought , amphetamines are used for adhd . what i heard about him would probably fit .
2 ~ ~ except that it has a calming effect on the people with adhd , not a stimulating one like it does on normal people . ~ ~ ~ ~	i have adhd and i still catch a buzz off my adderall .

1 in 2002 , when bruce willis's daughter suggested he buy girl scout cookies for troops , willis responded by buying 12,000 cookies and sending them to sailors and soldiers in	in 2002 i think they'd have also appreciated body armour that actually worked !

1 : the lifevests they give you on a plane are pointless . no wide body aircraft has ever made a successful landing on water .	[ sully sullenberger did ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/US_Airways_Flight_1549 )
2 a320 is not a widebody . note how op carefully crafted that statement to make it true yet still bullshit .	, the lifevests are not pointless , they are put in both narrow and wide planes .

1 blue moon beer is made by millercoors , but miller coors doesn't seem to want anyone to know that	and shock-top is a budweiser product .
2 as is landshark .	but not sharknado .

1 willie nelson used to visit the white house frequently and , at one point , smoked weed on its roof .	redditors don't look at the front page enough

1 the gamecube had the capability to display true stereoscopic 3d	i read that iwata asks a while ago myself , it was quite the charming thing to find out .

1 willie nelson used to visit the white house frequently and , at one point , smoked weed on its roof .	allegedly he did this with jimmy carter at one point as well .
2 allegedly reagan smoked it in the white house . and banged a 16 years old prostitute , in the white house .	allegedly , i'm a very sophisticated , tech-savvy , long-necked horse . allegedly .

1 whilst on his deathbed , french philosopher voltaire was asked to renounce satan , he simply replied " now is not the time for making new enemies . "	you have to love voltaire the guy was witty !
2 i had a huge book of 1000 quotes . it was supposed to be the most memorable quotes from all time up to it's publication , but i only remember	oh god i have that book too , i know it by hearth by now . it is great stuff .
3 > i know it by hearth by now that's impressive as fuck .	toss it into fireplace ; inhale booksmoke . knowledge complete

1 of louis slotin , a scientist who died while working on the manhattan project . he accidentally dropped a hemisphere of beryllium on a plutonium core ; witnesses saw glowing	i remember watching this on that john noble show , twisted but true . slotin's quick reaction when it fell made him a hero .

1 the creator of cowboy bebop was told to make a show to sell spaceship toys , with the instructions , " so long as there's a spaceship in it ,	i finished bebop and loved it . outside of that and champloo , anyone have any recs for shows like them ?
2 tri-gun . around the same time , great show , easy transition from bebop . also 26 episodes with a movie . big-o . great story , great style ,	awesome i'll check these out thanks
3 all 4 of the shows listed there are just great storys that hapen to be told threw animation . when you want to get in it to a bit more	i second fma ; brotherhood , that's got some serious feels in it .

1 after mick jagger rang up bandmate charlie watts during the night and asked " where's my drummer ? " watts got out of bed , shaved , dressed in a	when watts punched him he told him : " don't ever call me your drummer again . you're my fucking singer ! " / headline restrictions .
2 i love how he got all dressed up just to punch someone in the face	some people just know they're getting a mugshot taken that night and want to look on point .
3 like [ david bowie ] ( http://www.rochestersubway.com/images/photos/david-bowie-mugshot-rochester-ny-01.jpg )	beautiful bone structure !

1 london and new york are the worlds only alpha + + cities , meaning they exert a massive influence across the world both culturally and economically that is felt everywhere	ldn # 1 for knowledge , what does that even mean ?
2 i think it means that london is the city with the most top universities . lse , ucl and kcl are all considered to be some of the best universities	how about oxford and cambridge ?
3 they are not in london .	whoops read it as uk , good point

1 uk require a different licence to drive a manual car .	other way about really ... the vast majority of people sit their test to have a manual license , the ones that go for an automatic-only license are generally considered

1 walt whitman died of lung disease	also interesting that leaves of grass was his last work .
2 i dont get it ... care to elaborate for an idiot ?	that's the book gale gave walt .

1 hammocks are intentionally wide for the ideal laying position is diagonal . this position provides the most support and comfort .	as a hammock camper , this is correct .
2 is there a good resource for more information on hammock camping ?	/ r / hammocks

1 leonardo dicaprio donated $ 1,000 , 000 to the wildlife conservation society at russia's tiger summit , causing prime minister vladimir putin to describe him as a " muzhik "	that's not why he called him that . dicaprio had a very hard time getting to the summit - one plane lost an engine and another had to land due
2 it's all about the persistence , not the size . right ? ladies ?	" size doesn't mean everything . " - - teemo

1 prostitution was widely legal in the united states up until the early 1900 ' s , when the woman's christian temperance union lobbied against it . this was the same	wctu also forced the income tax and irs on us , knowing federal prohibition would take away 70 % of all federal tax from alcohol .

1 van cats of eastern turkey ( a naturally-occurring breed ) all have white fur , mismatched eyes , and love to swim .	read the last part as " love to swarm . " cutest . swarm . ever .

1 edge of tomorrow , adapted from all you need is kill by hiroshi sakurazaka , who was inspired from his experience from playing video games ; when getting stuck on	so basically dark souls ?
2 or any other difficult video game ever .	aye , but the actual lore of dark souls states that your character re spawns , so i think that's what he meant .

1 during napoleons 6 day stay in malta he ; reformed national administration , created twelve municipalities , created a public finance administration , abolished all feudal privileges and slavery ,	man you get a lot more shit done in a monarchy .
2 napoleon fought against every europe's monarchies all his life . france was a republic at this point , and he proclaimed himself emperor . but he actually shat on queens	massive hypocrite though , considering he gave royal titles to everyone in his family .

1 pope benedict was a member of hitler youth ( hitlerjugend ) when he was a teenager	why should that matter , it was mandatory for boys of his age at the time .
2 he actually joined before it was mandatory . being a catholic i assume he agreed with some of the nazi's major home values , such as working man , house-wife	you're wrong " membership was required by law for all 14 - year-old german boys after december 1939 " he joined in 1941

1 while studying at cornell , bill nye had carl sagan as a professor	what i would give for this wonderful man , this extraordinary human being to still be alive .
2 bill nye is still with us .	he's talking about the op .
3 did he die ?	yes , in a brave attempt to deliver the op sadly died .

1 wikipedia can track the lineage of race horses as far back as their 17th century ancestors . ( choose a horse to begin )	ended up with darley arabian ! turns out he's the father of nearly all thoroughbreds . interesting !

1 keira knightley played the role of sabé , the handmaiden of queen amidala ( natalie portman ) in star wars : episode 1 . the two girls looked so alike	sure confused me . i always thought they picked an actress based on her - looking - like natalie portman simply because of the plot . then filmed a couple
2 they did . this is what the casting guy said . > " one of the hardest roles to cast was that of sabé , the handmaiden that fills in	was that her first movie then ?

1 the blood on set for sweeney todd was coloured orange so it rendered correctly on the desaturated color film used .	and it almost worked , except it still looks orange

1 there was a " back to the future " animated series that ran from 1991-1992 . the show was not popular , but it featured live-action segments where christopher lloyd	i remember this cartoon , i vaguely remember the live segments with chris lloyd . i do not remember him having an assistant for experiments though . to youtube !

1 moose attack more people annually than bears and wolves combined .	i would love to see bears and wolves combine to attack someone .
2 sort of : http://s3-ec.buzzfed.com/static/imagebuzz/web04/2010/1/15/11/bears-and-wolves-playing-2359-1263571827-364.jpg	wtf , i'm laughing so hard

1 of a man who would inject himself with snake venom in an effort to build up an immunity . he lived to be 100 , survived 172 snakebites , and	similar guy did an ama on reddit awhile back : http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/17hzhk/iama_guy_whos_been_injecting_deadly_snake_venom/
2 yeah , i remember reading that ama . that guy was a fucking nut .	yes , he is a joke in the self-immunization community . if you want a ama from a serious individual i can arrange it .
3 how serious ?	well his name is / u / snakesandstuff so , i guess it's pretty serious .

1 hershey's chocolate is flavored with sour-tasting butyric acid , which also gives vomit its aroma . this is why people unaccustomed to american chocolate sometimes compare it to vomit .	i'm not even going to read these comments , i already know it's going to be one humongous " lol murican food sux " circlejerk .
2 american food is actually pretty awesome because of the diversity here meaning that most regional foods change . now however , hershey's chocolate is not good american food . it	the modern pizza is basically american . hot dogs are american . tex-mex food is more tex than mex . and don't get me started on hamburgers . liberal socialist
3 hershey's chocolate is actually made in mexico , so it is more mexican than tex-mex :)	are you sure ? cuz i went to the hershey factory , and i'm pretty sure i didn't have to cross the border to get there .

1 a dinosaur could use its tail like a whip and cause sonic booms ( paragraph above skin )	isn't that basically how bullwhip makes hoo-chi sound ?

1 once a patient becomes symptomatic with rabies , treatment is almost never effective and mortality is over 99 %	how did you not know that ? what you thought rabies was all fun and games ?

1 the united states accounts for 44 % of the world's gasoline consumption .	[ and the us military is the largest consumer of petroleum in the us . ] ( http://www.energybulletin.net/stories/2006-02-26/us-military-oil-consumption ) they burn as much as the entire country of greece .
2 it's starting to grind my gears we haven't moved to nuclear reactors for all our vessels now . those fuckers chug chug so much diesel . i know that it's	that's going to make a lot of foreign nations nervous when you say " can we just park this here for a while ? " .

1 richard belzer has appeared as detective munch ( best known from law & order : svu ) on ten different tv shows , from the wire to sesame street .	what about kristen stewart ?

1 today i learned that the price of admission for a zoo in 18th century england was a dog or a cat - - they were fed to the lions .	lions eat cats ? ? ! ! :(
2 birds eat birds , fish eat fish . they're different species so it's not cannibalism	one time saw a bunch of birds pecking at a chicken wing someone dropped . my friends and i all paused and wondered " cannibalism ? ... nah ... "
3 chickens are in another whole [ order ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Order_%28biology%29 ) ( galliforms ) than the sort of birds you see on the street , so that's like the same	yeah ... phylogenetic

1 buckfast tonic wine ( 15 % abv ) contains the caffeine equivalent of six cups of coffee and , among other things , accounted for 5,638 crimes in three years	this is why we can't have nice things

1 uzbekistan still boils people to death as a form of capital punishment .	metal .

1 tofu is just " cheese " made from soy milk ( whereas regular cheese is made from animal milk )	mmmm . bean cheese .

1 chainsaw resistant clothing exists . when the chainsaw touches the fabric , it cuts thru the outer shell . inside are long kevlar fibers that are designed to be pulled	not like it matters ! dr . salvador goes straight for the neck anyway !

1 in the united states , asians earn the highest average salary by race . ( repost-self )	i found it hilarious when google and other high-paying tech companies released diversity stats last year showing that 30 % of their workforce were asian - - and then the
2 jesse jackson came to seattle the other day , screaming about racism in the tech industry . i can't remember how he did it , but he somehow discounted all	because they aren't black . seriously , it's jesse jackson , the man has about as much credibility as alex jones .

1 the soviets space program didn't only put the first man in space , but also the first women , space station , space rover and had the first ( unmanned	' ussia !

1 eric clapton was / is a racist asshole	helpful eric clapton : rant about keeping britain white [ picture of eric clapton ] " rock against racism " created

1 there was a surgeon called robert liston who achieved the incredible 300 % mortality rate following a surgery .	like a boss .

1 about boxer michael gomez , the " irish mexican " who decided one day to quit boxing . in the middle of a national title fight . in the middle	say it . " my ass goes down in the fifth . "

1 traces of coca and nicotine found in some egyptian mummies have led some to speculate that ancient egyptians may have traveled to the new world ( america ) .	ancient egyptian mummies traveled everywhere before the world broke up

1 ryan gosling was cast as noah in " the notebook " because the director wanted someone " not handsome . "	yeah well he kinda missed the mark on that one .

1 steve jobs died because he refused medical treatment for his cancer . instead , he tried a vegan diet , acupuncture , herbal remedies and other treatments he found online	actually ... he died of cancer . treatments are not cures . he would have died anyway .

1 a german study found women cry on average between 30 and 64 times a year , and men cry on average between 6 and 17 times per year .	i must be a guy .

1 time magazine named stalin person of the year , twice . it's estimated he caused the death of 3 to 60 million people by execution , starvation , and genocide	i think time wanted to do obl in 2001 but instead they did guiliani because too many people protested ... poty isn't about being a hero or being great ,

1 nearly 200 years before turducken became popular , there was the rôti sans pareil : a bustard stuffed with a turkey-goose-pheasant-chicken-duck-guinea fowl-teal-woodcock-partridge-plover-lapwing-quail-thrush-lark-ortolan-bunting and garden warbler , the last being just	here is what it looks like : http://urbandiner.ca/wp-content/uploads/2010/08/roast-without-equal.jpg
2 das alotta burds .	brian fellows ? ! !

1 after the governor of otrar rejected his trade offers , genghis khan had him executed by pouring molten silver in his ears and eyes .	genghis khan had the most cruel and creative ways of execution .

1 traces of coca and nicotine found in some egyptian mummies have led some to speculate that ancient egyptians may have traveled to the new world ( america ) .	haven't we discovered a few egyptian artifacts in south america as well ?
2 no .	well that settles that .

1 the holocaust memorial in berlin contains an anti-graffiti chemical - which turned out to be manufactured by the same company that made the zyklonn b gas used in concentration camp	the fact that any memorial needs graffiti protection is why humanity suck ass ...
2 graffiti is the natural expression of the free , the stream , the consciousness	let me paint your front door then .

1 the roman empire was not the largest empire in history , it is in fact only the 28th largest empire in history	i knew the british empire was massive but i never though it would be bigger than the mongol empire

1 bill watterson ( creator of calvin and hobbes ) refused to merchandise his creations on the grounds that it would devalue the characters and their personalities	i respect him so highly for this . i still have yet to collect all the calvin and hobbes books , i have about 10 i think .
2 in 2005 i bought a three volume hardcopy boxed set called " the complete calvin & hobbes " , which includes every strip . it is beautiful . amazon doesn't	the only thing missing from these enormous , wonderful volumes is a built-in bookmark . i'd love a strip of ribbon to be glued right into the spine so i

1 taco bell has tried to enter the mexican market twice , failing both times , even after branding their food " american " food .	don't you worry taco bell ; you have a home in canada .
2 very true , nothing beats a fry supreme .	fry supreme ? ! ?
3 [ fry supreme ] ( http://www.bargainmoose.ca/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/Fries-Supreme.jpg )	dafuk ? ! ? why don't we have that in the states ?

1 rock pioneer of the 1950/60 ' s , chuck berry , still performs live today , at the age of 85	he performs once a month at blueberry hill in st . louis . never have gone to see him tho

1 the actor who portrays the most interesting man in the world lives on a sailboat in marina del ray	interesting .

1 robin williams loves video games so much he named his 2 children after game characters .	: robin williams has herpes

1 the simpsons episode where bart gets an elephant was based on a real price is right incident in 1956	as long as that elephant was spade and neutered , bob barker's ok with it and so am i . & #3232 ;\ _ & #3232 ;
2 spayed and neutered ? that elephant must have been ... ' unique ' ...	i plead ignorance on the grounds of never owning a pet , other than fish , since the age of 12 . i know nothing of what you folks do
3 so says guyanonymous with their pet fish at the age of 12 ...	and let it be written . i also never got any of my fish fixed . they died too soon .

1 at the height of the irish potato famine in 1847 , almost 4,000 ships carried food from ireland to england and scotland while 400,000 irish died of starvation and related	i just think it's nice that the natives send some money to help .
2 courtesy of the choctaw nation of oklahoma , my tribe . http://www.choctawnation.com/news-room/press-room/media-releases/choctaws-helped-starving-irish-in-1847-this-act-shaped-tribal-culture/	irishman here . thank you .
3 black / native american / dutch / german here . i'm not sure who to thank and who to yell at . we all still hate the english right ?	yes . moral of the story : the english are evil and must be punished .

1 prostitution was widely legal in the united states up until the early 1900 ' s , when the woman's christian temperance union lobbied against it . this was the same	i mean ... i know that now it's easy to say they were prude / fun ruiners / whatever , but i would imagine that a life where your husband
2 made a lot of sense when a woman couldn't open a bank account in her own name , vote , own property , etc . add in a complete lack	look at the british royal family / parliament sex rings . the powerful will supply children , drugs , whatever to have blackmail material over the few politicians that do

1 in the 1600 ' s london was plagued by an attacker who would grab unaccompanied women , lift their dress , smack their bare bottoms and yell " spanko !	i have a feeling that he's 21st century teenager who travelled back in time
2 probably someone who just read this thread	meta

1 wasabi has been researched as a fire alarm for the deaf . when tested , the subject woke up within 10 seconds of the vapor being sprayed in his room	bad luck deaf brian . had wasabi fire alarm . was already dreaming about sushi .

1 in 1952 while in an institution charles manson held a razor to another boy's throat while he sodomized him before being released on parole in 1954 .	this guy gets out ... meanwhile they were still lobotomizing uppity housewives in places chemically or physically

1 president james garfield entertained his friends by having them ask him questions , and then writing the answer in latin with one hand while simultaneously answering in greek with the	ambidextrous and bilingual is nice , but if he messes up , who is really qualified , and ballsy enough to call out the president . even if there were

1 a berkeley student named george dantzig once mistook two unproved theorems that his professor wrote on the chalkboard as a homework assignment and ended up solving both within a few	you must be new here ...

1 the domino's pizza logo has 3 dots because that's how many stores there were in 1969 . they planned to add a new dot for every store that opened ,	saving you from dui since 1960 .

1 moghreb tétouan , a moroccan club , played in the 1951-52 la liga season . they remain the only club based in the african mainland to have played in a	represent !

1 spaghetti marinara wasn't invented until the new world was discovered , since tomatoes came from the aztecs . before that , pasta was eaten plain with no sauce ... with	god damn savages

1 on a trip to china , prince philip joked to students that " if you stay here much longer , you'll go slit-eyed . " after initial concerns of offense	lol why warn them of becoming round eyed when they pay money for surgery to get round eyes and eyelids ?

1 due to their small brains koalas are unable to perform complex , unfamiliar tasks such as eat leaves off of flat surfaces .	they sleep 22 hours a day and eat the other 2 . they have no time to learn , like britney spears said once .

1 during islam's golden age , scientists were paid the equivalent of what pro athletes are paid today .	i hate the way this period of history has been airbrushed from western thought . i did history of science at uni ... strangely , it seemed to go greeks
2 so ... where did it all go bad for islam ? ( serious question )	it had a lot to do with the crusades . oh , and i think the mongols from the other side too . tough gig . edit : added mongols

1 when he was 7 , vin diesel and some friends broke into a new york theater with intentions to vandalize it . instead of calling the police , the theater's	this is what wrong with our system ... if more childhood " criminals " were just given opportunities then thrown into the " system " it would have a greater
2 riddick	they stole his future as a real life riddick and now he is a mere imitation

1 in 1880 an australian outlaw and his gang smithed steel suits out of ploughshares and held off the victorian police with their bulletproof armour	i think you mean ploughshears . cool story , though . ( ashamed to admit i only know ned kelly as the title of a heath ledger movie ... )

1 we are officially locked in as the #11 pick in next years draft .	goodell's voice is already echoing in my head .
2 he does have a good voice for announcing draft picks . that is probably the only nice thing i can say about him .	i've always wondered why he was booed so much during the draft but with my plan of going to the draft ima boo the shit out if him .
3 it was mainly the jets fans i believe .	well i'm looking forward to the symphony come april ;)

1 david vetter lived his whole 12 years in sterile " bubble " . he was " outside " less than 10 second after being removed from his mother's womb .	that is so incredibly sad :(
2 the sad thing about it one time he lost a game of trivial persuit to some guy named george , turns out it was the moops	it's a misprint .

1 napolean wasn't short , he was actually around 5 ' 7	a matter of perspective on which way your looking . up or down .

1 comcast has the lowest customer satisfaction level of any company or government agency in the united states . including the irs . also , cable is the only industry to	i only saw it say from 2004-07 , is there a recent findings ?

1 some people can " flex " muscles in their inner ears to produce a low rumbling sound	gee , i thought everyone could do that .
2 this is sort of insane . i just figured everyone could . edit : my top rated comment is equivalent to a keanu reeves " whoa "	me too .
3 yea its how i pop my ears .	do it and breath in through your nose quickly and my ears block .

1 castle stairs wound upwards and clockwise to give the advantage to right-handed defenders at the top	little known fact : they also wind downwards and counter-clockwise .

1 the entire goldeneye 007 game on n64 is only 12 mb .	to really have your mind blown , check out some of the demos on pouet.net . you'd be surprised at what can be done in such little space .

1 : vans , north face , nautica , jansport , timberland , lee jeans , wrangler ... are all owned by the same company	i worked for the north face when they were acquired by vf . they were about to fold , they spent too much money on expeditions and athletes . quality

1 dr . francis m . fesmire won the 2006 ig nobel prize in medicine for discovering how to cure the hiccups with rectal massage .	i wonder what he uses to oil the area .

1 king mswati iii of swaziland banned sexual relations for swazis under 18 years of age for five years , he violated his decree after two months when he married his	something about being ' fined a cow ' makes this sound much weirder . i understand that livestock is valuable in swaziland and other parts of africa , but it

1 chainsaw resistant clothing exists . when the chainsaw touches the fabric , it cuts thru the outer shell . inside are long kevlar fibers that are designed to be pulled	great . two questions . first , how long does it take to get into a full body suit ? second , will that be enough time before leatherface gets

1 there is an empty grave next to the prophet muhammad intended for jesus after he returns	muhammad ... built a religion , a country , and an army . most successful man ever .
2 he's placed number one on michael c . hart's book [ the 100 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_100 ) , which lists the most influential men of all time .	included maxwell and put newton ahead of einstein ... this guy knew what he was doing . much more objective than time .

1 the winner of tour de france has been positive for doping 40 times in the past 53 years .	let's just allow anything and everything . let them smoke meth on the start line . it will be more fun to watch .
2 i would kinda like to see the official drug-fueled olympics . everything is allowed as long as the athletes are cool with taking the drugs , knowing it'll destroy them	the inevitable lawsuits will be glorious !

1 oral sex was illegal in canada ... until 1969 .	i'm not one to get all hopped up about laws but this is absolutely ridiculous . fuck any government for telling me what type of sex i can have and

1 the infinite monkey theorem , stating that monkeys with typewriters and enough time could produce the entire works of shakespeare , has been tried out in real life . they	damn , so close .

1 it would take a stack of 375,000 lego bricks ( 2x2 ) to cause the bottom brick to collapse , which represents a stack 3,591 meters in height .	is that a thin or thick 2x2 brick ?

1 alexander graham bell invented the metal detector specifically to find an assassin ’ s bullet lodged inside president garfield ’ s body . but , because the president lay on	irony bonus + 10

1 : an individual horse has a peak power output of 14.9 horsepower	here is the relevant text from the wikipedia article : > in 1993 , r . d . stevenson and r . j . wassersug published an article calculating the
2 tldr ; 1 horsepower is what a single horse can * sustain *	but when sears sold horses they rated them on peak power output ...

1 nearly one-third of u . s . children aged 4 to 19 eat fast food on a daily basis , which will likely result in them gaining about 6 extra	a 19 - year old is not a child .

1 lego has no military related sets because the inventor's policy was to not want to make war seem like child's play	oh really : http://www.shoppingblog.com/pics/lego_toy_story_army_men_on_patrol_box.jpg

1 bill murray does not have an agent or manager and reportedly only fields offers for scripts and roles using a personal telephone number with a voice mailbox that he checks	because he can .

1 pizza only became popular in the us after american troops occupying italy during wwii became hooked on it and then popularized it back home .	plus those turtles ...

1 as of 2010 the estimated cost of the international space station is $ 150 billion and is arguably the single most expensive item ever constructed .	i'm not sure what this means by " arguably the most expensive " . either it is , or it isn't , right ?
2 is hard to estimate the costs of expensive or old things . for instance , how much would the pyramids or china's great wall cost when converted to todays money	i didn't even think of that .

1 the state of washington was originally named columbia , but , in order to prevent confusion with the district of columbia , its name was changed to washington	is that why i have to explain to every one i talk to that i live in washington state and not washington d . c . ?
2 from new york but not new york city . i feel your pain	always love when i explain to people that yes , i'm from new york state . they ask how far i am away from nyc and then i have to

1 e . t . , blade runner , star trek ii : the wrath of kahn , poltergeist , and the thing were all released on the same month and	and i went to see very single one of them !

1 the french philosopher voltaire said , " canada [ is ] a country covered with snows and ices eight months of the year , inhabited by barbarians , bears and	what an idiot ... ... it's covered by snows and ices 9 months of the year . other than that , spot on .
2 i came here to find that you beat me to this joke . sorry .	wait , who was joking ?
3 sorry	now you beat me to this joke ! sorry !

1 after the capture of a serial killer of children , a police officer found his own daughter tied and gagged in the back of the killer's van .	terrified and hurt in a van and daddy comes and saves you ... i cannot fathom the hero status this kid has for her father .
2 guarantee the dad would still give his right arm if it would make it so that it never happened .	yeah , she was sexually assaulted . horrible feeling to know he already violated her and you have to legally detain him .
3 i wouldn't have been able to do it . the other officers would find me at the scene covered in his blood .	yup he would have never made it to trial .

1 subway's most popular sandwich , the italian bmt , is named for ' brooklyn manhattan transit ' , literally a subway	i work at subway and i've always been told that it stands for " big meat trio " . it has three different types of meat in it . subway
2 the cheese man , why do you overlap it , with the triangle shapes you can get maximum bread coverage . also the sauce the default should be in a	if the person overlaps it's because they're lazy . i always zig-zag , usually straight lines are a phenomenon with girls for some reason .

1 " whiskey " is a gaelic word meaning " water of life . "	whiskey is * * not * * a gaelic word , it is derived from gaelic word .. uisce beatha * pronounced ish-ka ba-ha *
2 or as my grandfather used to say " the creature " pronounced " cray-chur "	or as my grandfather used to say it : " pass me the jack you dopey cunt "

1 superman compresses his spine when he is clark kent so he is shorter . this helps prevent people from discovering clark kent = superman .	i wish i could believe that spinal compression made up for the fact that they have the same face .
2 superman vibrates slightly every time someone takes a photo of him , blurring his facial features .	thats flash
3 superman does as well , he also keeps his uniform in a super compressed ball on his body at all time . it is from the superman batman series .	oh , didn't know that . i stand corrected .

1 oral sex can reduce the chances of miscarriage ( nsfw )	" if not for me , do it for the baby . "

1 seth rogen paid the bills and was the main wage earner of the family by the age of 16	there's a really good actor buried deep in him somewhere ( surfaced in paul and observe and report a little ) . i wish he'd be more picky about movie
2 as long as he doesnt laugh , he can come across as a good actor .	i don't know why everyone talks so much shit about his laugh . it's distinctive and kind of endearing . it's kind of his signature .

1 when nancy grace was a prosecutor , she was reprimanded three times for misconduct , including " her disregard of the notions of due process and fairness "	yes , sociopaths often choose careers like these , unfortunately . edit : spelling
2 either that or they become politicians .	or in some cases , both .

1 lego has no military related sets because the inventor's policy was to not want to make war seem like child's play	wild wild west ?

1 j . d . salinger saw more combat in world war ii than almost any other american . he fought on d-day ( utah beach ) , in the battle	led quite the life

1 easter will be on april fool's day in 2018	the easter egg hunt should be really fun . think of all the shit you can stuff into an egg that will leave kids disappointed .

1 a defense lawyer ( who was also a congressman ) in a murder trial accidentally shot himself and died while reenacting the possibility of a victim accidentally shooting and killing	my dad grew up on a farm . they had a farmhand who wanted to feel what a " nick " from a bullet felt like . in front of
2 damn . his friends didn't tell him that was a bad idea ?	he was a farm hand , an employee , and had no family there .
3 maybe he cashed in his 10 iq points for that $ 5mil .	we've done it folks . back up your bags its time to go home . we've gone meta .

1 republicans are statistically more educated than democrats .	that elephants trunk is pointing the wrong way ...

1 in 1947 , the los angeles examiner called the mother of the black dahlia murder victim to tell her that her daughter had won a beauty contest . once they	criminal . amoral .

1 republicans gerrymandered a district in pennsylvania to eliminate a democratic house representative in 2002 . the new district formed a finger that contained his house , but not the spot	blame not the politicians for using the law for their advantage . blame the lawmakers for allowing those laws to exist in the first place .
2 don't blame a . blame a .	don't you worry about blank . let me worry about blank .

1 dave grohl played every instrument and sang every vocal on the foo fighters ' first album . the only reason he put the band together was so he could tour	this isn't that unusual . impressive , yes , but not unusual .

1 during filming of " super mario bros . " bob haskins ( mario ) and john leguizamo ( luigi ) were so unhappy working on what they knew to be	it's " hoskins " . also i don't know what the age difference between mario and luigi is but i doubt it's the 22 year gap between the actors lol

1 the cost of the international space station is funded by the usa 81 % , russia 8 % , europe 3 % , japan 3 % , and canada 1	hey , look at that ! good for you canada !
2 > as of 2010 the cost is estimated to be $ 150 billion . it includes nasa's budget of $ 58.7 billion for the station from 1985 to 2015 (	no , put a period after canada . those are the materials costs for each country . in addition to that amount there was 50.4 billion in shuttle flight costs

1 " & " and " and " mean different things in movie credits . two writers ' names joined with " & " means they collaborated , while " and	enjoying your screenwriting class ?

1 snoop dogg was a member of the nation of islam up until earlier this year , when he claimed to be " born again " and converted to rastafarianism .	he can follow whatever religion he pleases , but there was only ever one bob marley .

1 although pancreatic cancer is usually deadly , steve jobs had the one variety that's curable . but for nine months , he refused treatment and instead tried a vegan diet	it's always intrigued me how someone can base his life and his career on technology and yet mistrust medicine .

1 markhor means " snake eater " in persian .	technically " markhordani " means snake eater ( or person who eats snakes ) . " khor " isn't a word in persian , it's the root of a verb
2 nope , i speak farsi , and khor literally means " eater " or " to eat "	i'd have that in my gorhmeh sabzi ey jaaaan

1 canadian prime minister bennett , in office during the great depression , spent $ 2.3 million dollars from his personal fortune helping families that wrote him for help , even	he was sincere in his mission and even though he was not the best prime minister , he had canadians at heart . he couldn't help every single canadian at

1 a gargoyle can only be called that name if it has a spout and was created to divert water away from the building . non-functioning , ornamental ones should be	i knew i was a boss .

1 when writing " paradise city , " the band had to vote on the second line because slash wanted " where the girls are fat and they've got big titties	looks like slash [ got his wish ] ( http://i.imgur.com/h9bIg.jpg ) .

1 the the word " jazz " originated as a slang term , derived from " jism " or " jizz " - as the music was originally performed in whorehouses	it says in that same article that no jazz bands played in whorehouses .

1 hakeem olajuwan had played basketball for only 3 years when he was drafted into the nba .	that's incredible .
2 no offense but he's 7 feet tall and the average nba height is 6 ' 7 . as long as you're that tall and you have hand-eye coordination , i'm	hakeem had more than a large frame . he's still the all-time leader in blocked shots and developed a nice set of offensive tools . helped lead the rockets to

1 rainn wilson originally auditioned for the role of michael scott in " the office . " the producers didn't like his audition , but offered him the role of dwight	dwight became the manager at the end

1 the detroit lions went undefeated in the preseason the year they went 0-16 .	preseason doesn't mean shit .
2 yeah , the year the patriots went 18-0 and the super bowl got cancelled they * lost * every preseason game .	that was three years after the yankees won the alcs 3-0 and they cancelled the world series , right ?

1 billie piper ( the actress who played rose tyler in doctor who ) divorced from her wealthy husband , she opted not to claim any money from him , stating	why ?

1 subway's most popular sandwich , the italian bmt , is named for ' brooklyn manhattan transit ' , literally a subway	subway's most popular sandwich is the italian bmt ..
2 well the source article is 10 years old .	literally the only sandwich i've ever purchased at subway . it's just the best .
3 so i'm guessing you've never had the steak and cheese	i have . it's pretty good .

1 most people in china don't know anything about the 1989 protests at tiananmen square , and talking about these events is both censored and illegal .	i've lived all around asia for the better part of a decade . there are many , many chinese people that are unaware as to the * * details *
2 i'll bet there are a large number of americans / europeans / africans who don't know shit about their own history as well . anecdotal evidence probably not worth squat	and thus we arrive at the conclusion that some people know more than other people . hurray ! well met !

1 all existing jfk assassination related documents will be made public by 2017	... except the interesting bits will all be redacted , for your own safety and security .

1 the leader of the " rise up australia party " claims to have resurrected three people from the dead and to have communicated with god on several occasions .	, he was an underground christian missionary in saudi arabia in the 90s , an activism which can loose you your head . holy shit indeed , the guy's certa-fucking-fiable

1 the cartoon series jabberjaw only consisted of 16 episodes .	i must have watched the same episodes like a thousand times ... i was one of the lucky few kids with cartoon network in the early 90s

1 when legendary african king shaka zulu's mother died , he ordered no crops could be planted for the year , pregnant women were to be killed , no milk was	besides that he was a really nice guy

1 not only is shirley temple still alive , she has also been ambassador to czechoslovakia & ghana , survived breast cancer , served on the board of directors of bank	she'd make for one hell of an ama .

1 olympus mons is the largest volcano in the solar system . this martian volcano is three times as tall as mt . everest and an observer near the summit would	if you took every elephant on earth and put them in a line across olympus mons , they would all die because there's no oxygen on mars .
2 as an astrophysicist , i can confirm .	i think a biologist might be better suited for determining the living conditions required for an elephant .

1 more men are raped than women in the united states , due to prison rape .	you do have to think about the fact that most prison rapes are seen and reported whereas on the outside a lot of women ( or men for that matter
2 but how many prison rapes are actually reported ? i would think prisoners may have just as much , if not more to fear about reporting prison rape than people	not reported by the victims but by gaurds .

1 george lucas wanted to film apocalypse now as a black comedy before shelving the project for safety concerns .	i'd say there's still a fair bit of black comedy in there . particularly scenes involving kilgore .

1 any " kobe " beef purchased outside of japan or china is fake ; actual kobe beef must be raised in specific parts of japan , and is illegal to	this is both new and riveting .

1 when lawyer jack thompson found out you can kiss other guys in the t-rated game bully , he wrote a letter to the esrb about it saying " good luck	beware , hillary clinton is a huge supporter of jack thompson * edit : * correction , i worded that badly . she is a huge supporter of jack thompson's

1 china had the second highest casualty rate in world war 2	as someone who lives in the uk and is predominantly taught about the european side of the war during school , it's quite a surprising result . we seem to

1 the romantic era , english poet lord byron had a pet bear while he attended cambridge , in protest of the schools rule on no dogs . there was no	i hate harking on reposts but i've seen this shit literally hundreds of times .
2 this .	yeah there's a few " big ones " we get to see a lot . they're karma mines it seems . just gotta know how to long to wait ,

1 otto von bismarck challenged a rival politician to a duel , but backed out after learning that his opponent choose to fight with two pork sausages , one infected with	bismarck was all about avoiding confrontation and subtlety , surprised he was challenging people to duels .

1 when napoleon emancipated the jews he stated that " i will never accept any proposals that will obligate the jewish people to leave france , because to me the jews	napoleon is in many ways responsible for the idea of ' national citizen ' that we have today .

1 playing tetris after a traumatic event can reduce the number of flashbacks later experienced	this is because it fucks with your short term memory , a game that literally makes your life slip through your fingers by making you unable to remember it .

1 on 5 march 1945 , a gurkha soldier in the british army calmly stood up in open sight and killed a sniper pinning down his company before going on to	i stay in singapore , near a gurkha residence . these guys come grocery shopping around the area and you wouldn't wanna fuck with them even though they look short

1 nowhere in the bible does it say that mary magdalene was a prostitute or even overtly sexual .	it does say she was " sinful " and " seven demons went out of her " though . but yeah , not necessarily anything to do with sex .
2 i was just working on a documentary about her ( which is how i learned this til ) and they had a priest on who said " yes , it	that story was just passed down orally from generation to generation .

1 the roman emperor claudius's love life was considered unusual at the time , because he only liked women , not men .	i have the sexuality of an ancient upper class roman .

1 after dreaming the melody to " yesterday " paul mccartney became convinced that he had subconsciously plagiarized the song ( cryptomnesia ) , and went around to other bands and	i am a stand-up comedian and feel this way after every joke i write . i use google to make sure it wasn't something i heard .
2 i thought i'd come up with a really cool chord structure once , then i realised it was house of the rising sun ... i was gutted	no biggie . what makes house of the rising sun unique is the arpeggio and the melody , of course . if those are different and not subconciously plagiarized then

1 jehovah's witnesses have falsely predicted the end of the world 20 times .	but all they need is the one bullseye of 1914 ... even though that was more like throwing a dart and then painting the bullseye over it .

1 : chipotle peppers are simply smoked jalapeños ; it takes 10 lbs of jalapeños to create 1 lb of chipotle	when i was training for them they said they are fully ripened smoked jalapeño peppers .
2 is " them " chipotle ?	yeah , sorry about that .

1 nokia made a handheld game console in 2003 , the n-gage . in the first two weeks , nokia claimed to have sold 400,000 units , but researchers later found	hey op , may i ask how old you are ?

1 the us invaded guatemala in 1954 and deposed democratically elected president jacobo árbenz guzmán for the benefit of an american fruit company	really ? you're telling me i could post facts from my high school history class and get 700 + upvotes ?

1 the hindu religion states that science only offers a limited view of reality , but all it offers is right and correct , meaning that the religion by it's nature	good for them . catholics have been on board with evolution for decades too .
2 ik , it's just intersting that hindusim basically has science as part of the religion itself , and that some of it's mythologies parallel evolution .	i believe judaism is the same .

1 john harvey kellogg , inventor of corn flakes , advocated circumcision of young boys ( without anesthetic ) , and the application of acid to the clitorises of young girls	he was born in 1852 . yeah , the guy was an idiot , but a lot has changed in the past 120 years or so .

1 a large brawl in the us house of reps shortly before the civil war ended only when a stray punch knocked the wig off of rep . william barksdale .	i think the craziest example of " congressional violence " was when preston brooks beat the hell out of charles sumner with a cane . dude was beat until the
2 you got a video ?	it happened in 1856
3 .. so ... ?	so video didn't exist yet

1 speedy gonzales was banned by cartoon network for being an offensive stereotype , only to be returned after mass protest by the hispanic-american community .	he's better than nothing .

1 bet ( black entertainment television ) refused to play a music video because it was " too intelligent " for their audience	lol black entertainment television , is that real ? how racist is that ? ! only in america !

1 tolkien constructed the grammar and vocabulary of not only one , but at least fifteen elvish languages and dialects .	he was a professor of ancient languages at oxford university , so for his massive , epic brain it was something that he could do as a hobby ( which
2 i'm not sure what other career path he could have chosen besides world's most excellent fantasy writer . his discipline is like liberal arts on steroids .	depending on his math skills , he might have excelled at a military career in cryptography . imagine the enemy trying to decode a message which was originally composed in
3 it works even better if you have native speakers of rare language that the enemy could not possibly know anything about or ever have a chance of finding a translator	bring on the navajo !

1 christian , judaic , and islamic texts all ban interest on loans	the reason jews have gotten the reputation for being money hoarders , etc . was because in medieval europe , it was illegal for any christians to make money from
2 just to expand on this - jews got around their religious prohibition on interest by saying " it's ok to lend to non-jews " . later it became ok to	it is still interest if the person giving the loan is asking for the " gift "
3 yeah , but you can trick god by using different words .	i never fucking understood this .

1 velociraptors were actually two feet tall and covered in feathers .	i believe that the version that jurassic park used were real too . they just weren't real at the time they developed the concept , i think bones were found
2 the ones in jurassic park are closer to a different dinosaur , the utahraptor . velociraptors are way smaller	i was just about to point that out . i don't understand why they couldn't just say they cloned the utah raptors instead of placing the name of something so
3 if i recall correctly ( and i may not ) , the utahraptor hadnt been discovered when jurrasic park was written . not sure whether or not they had before	i'm not exactly sure , either . this could very well be the case , but i'll admit that having grown up watching the movies , i wouldn't change them

1 : the world war z film is slated for release december 21st , 2012 ... cheeky bastards ...	they're filming it right now in glasgow . actually technically they're filming tomorrow and were showing on friday , tuesday they've got choppers coming in

1 saint lawrence was martyred by being roasted to death on a gridiron . supposedly , after roasting over a hot fire for a while he said , " i am	yep . because of that joke , i picked lawrence as my confirmation name when i was a kid . it's probably apocryphal , but it's a cool story .
2 it's official . i'm using lawrence when i get confirmed .	why not tiggerthepooh ? i'm sure the elderly members of your church will love that

1 forks were used in china before the invention of chopsticks	except most are made out of bamboo not wood . o___o
2 wow til bamboo isn't wood	so what makes wood wood ? i would think it's just dense dry cellulose

1 porn subscribers with female names are flagged as signs of potential credit card fraud	perhaps more women are smart enough to not pay for porn ( and are less likely to go for a specific niche which would require a pay site ) ?

1 the fabric and wood pieces from the wright brothers airplane were flown on the apollo 11 mission and were in the lunar module eagle that landed on the moon with	the wright flyer and the apollo 11 command module are at the smithsonian air and space museum , only a few feet from each other . the distance in time
2 in one person's lifetime , humanity has gone from being unable to leave the ground to landing on another celestial body . and i have trouble walking and chewing gum	is that really a thing that people have trouble with ? or is it just a joke ? i can't tell at this point .

1 : patrick stewart once single handedly performed " a christmas carol " , playing over 40 seperate characters	i once saw " a christmas carol " solo performance by none other than charles dickens ' great - ( great ? more greats ? not sure ) nephew .

1 the largest cavalry charge in history occurred in 1683 at the battle of vienna . lead by the polish king , 20,000 polish and german knights charged the ottoman army	i'd think seeing a bunch of winged hussars would just scare about anyone .

1 queen ( the band ) is the only group that has had all of its members compose multiple # 1 hits , so in addition to the band being inducted	it's a crying shame sacha baron cohen isn't gonna play freddy mercury . he was born for that part .
2 who is then ?	ben wishaw , last i heard

1 su hui , a fourth century chinese poet , wrote a poem in the form of a twenty-nine by twenty-nine character grid . each line can be read forward or	he was probably tripping on something strong ... his genius i think .
2 " it's a woman ! " ~ chi-fu	what a jack-ass .. i am . thanks for bringing this to my attention deficit stricken knowledge .

1 frank zappa's grammy-winning album jazz from hell received a " parental advisory " sticker even though it is a collection of instrumental pieces and contains no lyrics at all .	much like " rumble " by link wray - the first instrumental to ever be banned from radio play . rumble was a slang term for a gang fight ,
2 > said to promote juvenile delinquency with it's " tones " . well if you put the right words over it then , yeah https://youtu.be/Vd1-P-R_f-0	absolutely

1 volkswagen owns audi , bentley , bugatti , lamborghini , porsche , and ducati	vaudi , ventley , vugatti , vamorghini , vorshe , and vucati . they all still sound and look cool .

1 meatloaf's album " bat out of hell " is the fifth best-selling album worldwide , and has even out-sold albums by the eagles , fleetwood mac , led zeppelin ,	i work for his management and speak with him everyday .

1 in peter jackson's king kong , carl denham suggests contacting " fay " to play the main character of his film , only to be told " she's doing a	and the scene that ann and jack are filming on the boat is the same dialog between fay wray and bruce cabot from the 1933 movie .
2 if you want winks and nods to the film it's a remake of , king kong is perfect . if you want a well paced modern vision of the king	what ? i loved peter jackson's king kong . i really thought it was one of the best movies of the early 2000 ' s .

1 due to their small brains koalas are unable to perform complex , unfamiliar tasks such as eat leaves off of flat surfaces .	you'd have a hard time figuring stuff out too if your diet consisted solely of foods that got you really high all day .
2 umm no you wouldn't . you would taste everything including flat surfaces ...	.. and colors ...

1 the mega mac or double big mac is a 4 patty version of mcdonald's big mac that is available in australia , china , egypt , ireland , japan ,	used to be available in france years ago . discontinued .

1 tom hanks in castaway allowed himself to gain weight to fit the role of a middle-aged man . production was then halted for a year so he could lose 50	i never saw that guy after the raft scene . i miss him . he's the only one who ever made me feel like more than a volleyball ...
2 > redditor for 2 years was it weird for you that he named you after his wife ? also ... did he make any mmmm ... holes in you ...	couldn't he have just used fish at that point ?

1 giraffes have been called " especially gay " for often engaging in homosexual behavior more than heterosexual sex	everytime i scan over this post , i read tall giraffes and not til giraffes . every , fucking , time . damn you , scumbag brain !

1 clarence nash , the voice of donald duck for 50 years , voiced donald's voice in all foreign languages the disney shorts were translated to ( with the aid of	japan's was yamadera kouichi , i think . he also did spike in cowboy bebop and mew in pokemon .
2 japan simply has better voice actors .	i think it's probably the fact that all the grade a voice actors in japan do anime , while it's obvious that you're probably not going to get someone like

1 yang ( lenovo's ceo ) received a $ 3 million bonus as a reward for record profits , which he in-turn redistributed to about 10,000 of lenovo's employees . he	gg yang . now i feel somewhat proud of owning a lenovo , despite the terrible , terrible uefi setup .
2 i love my ideapad , even though i'm probably the only one in the world unsatisfied with the build quality	which one do you have ? i'm looking into the u530

1 mr . potato head kits came without a body from 1952 until 1964 , expecting you to provide your own potatoes .	my grandma has one of these still , theyre super cool

1 1989 ’ s “ batman ” soundtrack album was mainly composed by prince , and is considered to be his 11th studio album , but since prince had to agree	when i was a bartender i used to play batdance on loop to get out the stragglers at closing .
2 batdance drives me mad so that sounds like a good idea but i love the song that became batdance - 200 balloons - so good !	link ?
3 [ it's a bit rough , but here you go . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9mHw5g55oC4 )	first one i couldn't finish

1 pro basketball player latrell sprewell's career ended when he refused a $ 21 - million three-year contract offer from the timberwolves , which he implied would not be enough to	to be fair , latrell sprewell was an idiot .
2 i'm sure he still is . in reality too the nba should've banned him for life after he choked his coach . he represents the worst of the modern athlete	lifetime bans would cure any number of modern sporting ills , including but not limited to ped use , assault charges , gun possession violations , endangering the public ,
3 lifetime prison sentences haven't cured those problems , so why do you think a lifetime ban from a pro sports league would ?	did you just compare being banned from getting paid to play games to prison ? you might be as dumb as latrell .

1 when a bull moose is castrated , it immediately sheds its old pair of antlers and grows a new , permanent , misshapen pair called " devil's antlers " .	there isn't a picture of these " devil hornss " on the wiki . i couldn't find one on google images either .
2 this is the best photo i could find , i found it on a hunting forum and uploaded it to imgur . http://imgur.com/Z2iIshb	what you have is a picture labelled " devil's horns " . but it's a picture of a hunter with a recent kill . i'm not sure that moose was

1 : methuselah , from the bible , is accredited as being the oldest person to have ever lived , dying at age 969 years . but it is thought that	i read somewhere that noah would have known people that lived when adam was alive .

1 asians / native americans have a different type of earwax from africans / europeans	you got this from that one askreddit thread , huh ?

1 george rr martin's a storm of swords lost the 2001 hugo award for best novel to harry potter and the goblet of fire . his response ? " eat your	gotta have dedicated fans when it takes you 6 years to release each novel .
2 and the whole brutally-killing-every-character-liked-by-the-fans thing .	he hasn't killed a single " character liked by the fans " since 1996 .
3 because he's barely written since 1996 .	i read somewhere that grrm writes on average about 100 words a day ... easy life for a professional writer

1 a massive dutch famine during wwii helped discover celiac disease . sick children recovered when wheat was scare , but fell ill once they resumed eating gluten .	but is the wheat okay now ?

1 bruce springsteen's " born in the u . s . a " deals with the negative effects of the vietnam war on americans , but is often misunderstood to be	that's because people " listen " to it by the title and don't actually hear the lyrics . another example of misunderstood lyrics is eric clapton's wonderful tonight . it's
2 other examples of " patriotic " songs that people dont listen to the lyrics of , aint that aameric by melencamp and rockin in the free world by neil young	" this land is your land " by woody guthrie was not intended to be a folksy patriotic song sung by first graders , but a leftist critique of big

1 there have been many attempts to officially return mt . mckinley to its native american name denali , but congresspeople from ohio ( president mckinley's home state ) have procedurally	how about we go to turkey and try to change istanbul back to constantinople ? of course , then we'd have to change it back to new rome , and

1 in a competition to build the world's tallest building , the architect of the chrysler building secretly built it with a 125 ft long spire inside of it . when	in a bathroom reader ? longshot ..

1 in 1945 , dwight d . einsenhower predicted that people would try to dispel the holocaust as a falsehood , and ordered innumerable pictures to be taken of the nazi	can someone eli 5 why some people don't believe the holocaust really happened ?

1 almost 90 % of youth in the czech republic report never having participated in a religious group of any kind .	keep in mind the role of religion during soviet rule . so it kinda makes sense that a lot of young people ( born around 1990 - ish ) haven't

1 in the united states , private ownership of a flamethrower is not restricted by federal law	my family had a propane flamethrower on our farm , mostly for kochia and tumbleweeds

1 in the online game eve a player group spent 12 months infiltrating a rival group , then assassinated their leader and stole or destroyed $ 16,500 . 00 usd worth	eve : proving why libertarianism is okay in fantasy but would be terrible to live through since 2003 .
2 libertarianism being the idea that the government should exist only to protect you from the use of force by others , i fail to see your point .	how do you fund said minimal government without taxes ?

1 disney is developing a stand-alone film featuring boba fett , which would take place either between a new hope and empire or between empire and jedi .	it'll be called 1313 .

1 rick perry majored in animal science ... and held down a 2.5 gpa	what i can't comprehend is how someone who majored in * animal science * does not accept evolution
2 well there is the matter of his 2.5 gpa , c + isn't exactly a stellar grade .	yeah , but you could sit down and have a beer with the guy .

1 meatloaf's album " bat out of hell " is the fifth best-selling album worldwide , and has even out-sold albums by the eagles , fleetwood mac , led zeppelin ,	this list is kind of sad . alanis morrisette outsold sgt pepper's ?

1 michael jordan said the greatest part of playing for the us olympic team was " learning the weaknesses " of his teammates for when they returned to the nba .	machiavelli jordan .

1 up until 1978 , the mormon church taught that blacks were once an evil race of jews who were colored by god for their wickedness .	[ this is also relevant ] ( http://www.allenwyatt.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/graphicmeme.jpg )

1 although jews are only 3 % of the us population , they've won 27 % of all nobel prizes in science awarded to americans .	social segregation doesn't have only backsides , i would guess !

1 cockroaches grown in space became quicker and stronger than their terrestrial counterparts	this happens because of the higher percentage of o2 in the air

1 neerja bhanot , an indian flight , attendant hid the passports of american passengers on board a hijacked flight to save them from the terrorits . she died while attempting	that comma though * shudders *

1 the author of hatchet , gary paulsen , has seen shark attacks , saw his mother beat a potential molester to death in front of him , learned to shoot	i have a confession . i hated reading ( but loved hatchet ) when i was a child . so i read hatchet for everyone of my book reports from

1 ... the beatles literally stopped touring because their music could not be amplified loud enough to compete with screaming crowd noise , even with custom , purpose-built amplifiers .	going to concerts just to scream , fucking weirdos ...

1 sean connery once managed to win a fight single-handedly against six gang members before his acting career took off .	r / thathappened

1 : " a lack of physical activity is one of the leading causes of preventable death worldwide . "	stop lazy-shaming me . / s

1 there's a man who ran nonstop for 135 miles in 120f degrees across death valley , a marathon in the south pole in - 40f and did 50 marathons in	here i am can't run for more than 2 mins .

1 the guillotine remained the official method of execution in france until the death penalty was abolished in 1981 . the final three guillotinings in france were all child-murderers .	[ the guillotine ] ( http://www.kohney.com/comic/the-guillotine/ ) ( sfw )
2 would it ruin the joke if i pointed out that the guillotine is in fact named for a doctor guillotin ( without the e ) ? he spoke a bit	wasn't he also sentenced to death via guillotine as well ?
3 no , that's a myth . he died naturally in 1814 , at the age of 75 .	but didn't that happen to the creator of the brazen bull ?

1 the test pilot for the first us jet aircraft would wear a gorilla suit while flying the secret prototype , so that other pilots who reported seeing a gorilla flying	they only spread that story so nobody would find out about the gorilla pilot program .
2 twist : the gorilla was wearing a gorilla suit	twist : patrick was in the gorilla suit .
3 and a gorilla was in a patrick suit	let's get out of here !

1 don king brutally killed an employee that owed him $ 600 and only served a 4 year sentence	i don't like this man , i would love to kick him right in the ass .

1 mother teresa's supposed " miracle cure " of a woman's abdominal tumor was not a miracle at all . the patient's doctors and husband said she was cured because she	i'm pretty sure there are more people who were inspired by the good acts of mother theresa than those who criticized .
2 that's their choice . i can be inspired by a beautiful sunset - - yet i'm also fully aware that it's gas burning millions of miles away . their decision	no one is opposed to a beautiful sunset because there is nothing about it that goes against your core beliefs . some people believe in miracles and to oppose these

1 the actor who played a fictionalized j . peterman in seinfeld has been part owner of the real company since its relaunch in 2001	i love that the thumbnail doesn't show a face .

1 knife manufacturer , victorinox , claims never to have had to lay off an employee . to avoid this they set aside profits during boom periods to supplement recessionary periods	fedex claims this as well . their turnover rate is so high they just won't hire during recessions .

1 over 1,000 , 000 euros are thrown into the trevi fountain every year . the money is used to subsidize a supermarket for the needy .	i just visited rome three weeks ago and went to visit the fountain at night , and when we got there it was completely drained , under construction , and
2 i * think * i have you beat - i was in rome in 1989 and went to the sistine chapel ... it was a headache because we'd planned on	it's still amazing .

1 the bugs called " roly-polys " actually have a proper name that is a lot less adorable . woodlice .	all pill bugs / roly polys are woodlice . not all woodlice are pill bugs / roly polys http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pill_bug

1 mj was a fan of weird al's , but specifically requested he not parody " black or white " because he felt the message was too important .	i've always thought it was pretty classy of weird al to ask permission to make his parodies , even though he doesn't need to . stand up guy .
2 well , considering his reaction when he gets turned down , i'd have to disagree with you . he doesn't need to ask permission , but when he does and	you are really stretching the definition of " bitch and moan " there .
3 did you watch the 10 minute fake interview ?	yeah , it was just as tongue in cheek as every other fake interview al ever did .

1 the town of harrogate , uk has been ranked as the highest per capita hazardous drinkers and pornography watchers in britain , but also the happiest .	it's also really wealthy ..

1 beethoven hated authority and social rank ( he was a commoner ) , so much that he would stop playing if aristocrats talked during his performances .	if i recall correctly , he was one of many taken in by napoleon's radicalism , rejection of the aristocracy and furthering of republicanism . he even named one of
2 no . 3 " eroica "	i want that second movement played at my funeral .
3 not the 2nd of the 7th ?	saddest & most evocative piece of music ever written . the 7th is my favorite .

1 canada has specifically banned members of the westboro baptist church from entering the country .	but still canada let cheney and bush into their country .

1 up until 1978 , the mormon church taught that blacks were once an evil race of jews who were colored by god for their wickedness .	well , in 1978 god changed his mind about black people source : elder price
2 he did change his mind about them , because he wanted them to attend the opening of his new megatemple in sao paulo . the parishoners in the area of	actually most historians think it was because president carter ( with the irs ) threatened their tax exempt statuses if they engaged in discrimination against blacks and other minorities .
3 jimmy carter = = our last president with a pair of balls .	there is no denying that clinton had a pair .

1 at 42yrs old tony hawk still lands the 900 " i'm 42 and i did a 900 today . "	tony hawk : can land a 900 at 42 . can't seem to get a marriage to work to save his life .

1 chef paul prudhomme was struck by a . 22 - calibre bullet while cooking at a golf tournament , he thought it was a bee sting and kept on cooking	here is the relevant text from the wikipedia article : > in march 2008 , prudhomme was grazed by a . 22 - calibre stray bullet while catering the zurich
2 so not as sensational as the title makes it out to be ?	also " grazed " is a lot less than " struck "

1 radio talk show host rush limbaugh , is 100 % deaf and became so within a three month timeframe .	wait if he's 100 % deaf how does he still have a radio show ?
2 he has cochlear impants , which enable him to hear again . the most fucked up thing about cochlear implants is that the is a large community of deaf folks	there's a good documentary about this issue . [ sound and fury ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0240912/ ) .

1 the french philosopher voltaire said , " canada [ is ] a country covered with snows and ices eight months of the year , inhabited by barbarians , bears and	we have 4 months of no snow ! ?

1 there are documents that state that pope pius xii tried to perform an exorcism on hitler at a distance , but failed .	" welp , that didn't work ... hand me my rifle " - pope pius xii if only there hadn't been that cross wind ...

1 in a 1973 issue of the amazing spider-man , spider-man saves his girlfriend , gwen stacy , from falling to her death by shooting a web down to catch her	there was also that one comic where spider-man kills mj with his radioactive sperm ...
2 except that wasn't canon	does it matter .
3 yes . one is a defining moment in the character's history . the other was a out of canon story that has no lasting effects . like saying jason todd	it's just a fun comic . no need to be all upset about it being not cannon , it happened in a comic that i related to the post .

1 hobos are migrant worker , tramps work when forced to , and bums don't work at all .	hobos are migrant workers , tramps work when forced to , bums don't work at all , and * my own ethnicity * doesn't know even know what work is

1 john travolta was originally asked to star in the movie " forrest gump " , but turned it down . he later regretted his decision .	the reason travolta turned down forrest gump was to do pulp fiction . i think everyone wins here

1 a man in nebraska is breeding red cows and sending them to israel in hopes of a pure red heifer being born there ; such an event will allegedly prompt	it's 230 am , i have been awake traveling for work since 430 am yesterday , and i have no idea what the fuck i just read .

1 john steinback's dog ate an early manuscript of " of mice and men "	steinbeck * now stop everything you're doing and go read every single book he wrote , it's worth it .

1 in 1987 a south korean man went on a 57 person killing spree lasting over 8 hours after his girlfriend woke him up by swatting a fly on his chest	- " honey don't move . there's a fly in your chest . " * swat * ┻ ━ ┻ ︵ ヽ ( ` д ´ ) ﾉ ︵ ﻿

1 greenland in the future will have the choice to join either uefa or concacaf depending on the political and distance issues of its location	that 16-0 win though ...

1 fiji water ran ad stating , " the label says fiji because it's not bottled in cleveland " . cleveland water dept responded by running tests comparing a bottle of	rekt .

1 betty white currently holds the guinness world record for the longest career in tv at 65 years .	here's a young hot betty white , which is what i know you were all thinking about : http://i.imgur.com/CNbaYVn.png
2 she's done naked pics before when young . let me try to find them ... search complete [: oh babeh ! nsfw ] ( http://imgur.com/a/jrRDy ) i wonder if my	wow . i had no idea .
3 how hairy you reckon she was down there ?	probably not any more than other women who do not shave

1 saddam hussein offered to step down to exile from the iraqi government in 2003 prior to the invasion if he was allowed to keep usd $ 1 billion	we've let so many other african dictators do it . shit , we let them settle in the us even .

1 after mick jagger rang up bandmate charlie watts during the night and asked " where's my drummer ? " watts got out of bed , shaved , dressed in a	when watts punched him he told him : " don't ever call me your drummer again . you're my fucking singer ! " / headline restrictions .
2 i love how he got all dressed up just to punch someone in the face	yes , we all read the title , too .

1 in back to the future the actress who played jennifer couldn't return for part ii due to her mother getting sick . this meant that the closing scene of part	... and til the average redditor must be decades younger than i am . seriously ? who didn't know this ?

1 bob marley's final words to his son ziggy were " money can't buy life " .	yet

1 back when the nyc subway used tokens , people called " token suckers " would jam token slots with paper and suck out stuck tokens with their mouths . to	i'm only 29 and i remember that ... that was when brooklyn was brooklyn

1 the test pilot for the first us jet aircraft would wear a gorilla suit while flying the secret prototype , so that other pilots who reported seeing a gorilla flying	this is right up there with the ubran myth about carrots helping you see in the dark that the brits spread to hide the fact that they had radar .

1 jacklyn h . lucas , who joined the marines when he was 14 , stormed iwo jima when he was 17 , and is one of the few people in	i remember reading about him . he was my hero . such a fucking boss .

1 the writers of parks & rec wrote in ron swanson's alter-ego as duke silver before they even knew nick offerman was an accomplished saxophonist .	at this point , i'm beginning to think that ron is not actually a fictional character . he has always existed as nick offerman .
2 he literally fits the role exactly ... i don't think an actor has ever been more perfect for a role .	jim carrey in man on the moon . but that's due to uncanny resemblance in pretty much every aspect .
3 hunter s . thompson . jonny depp . nuff said . say what you will about either of them - fear and loathing was up there with the all time	it may be just me , but if if you watch interviews of johnny depp before and after fal , you can see the change in persona ... he really

1 certain native american tribes recognized a third gender separate from male and female . a two-spirit is one who's body manifests both masculine and feminine spirits simultaneously . they were	how is history formed and understood from societies that had no written language ? how reliable can it be ? edit : i reckon this is getting downvoted because it

1 ... the beatles literally stopped touring because their music could not be amplified loud enough to compete with screaming crowd noise , even with custom , purpose-built amplifiers .	that's partly why we have evolved massive sound systems at concerts today . really with a massive sound system , guitarist don't need high wattage amps either .

1 the author of uncle tom's cabin rewrote much of the book from memory in old age believing it to be an entirely new work due to her dementia	well that's pretty sad .
2 but also pretty cool .	you get to experience creating a great work twice . from the outside it's a bit sad but first person it probably wasn't .
3 i wish i could do that with breaking bad	well , if you don't take care of yourself and catch a couple of head injuries on the way to old age , who is to say that you can't

1 companies such as google , lego and xerox regularly work to avoid the risk of their trademarked names becoming genericized , because if those terms become fully generalized terms for	yep , that is what the wikipedia article says , but somehow i doubt that google , kleenex or legos will ever lose any legal power to enforce their trademarks
2 if they don't enforce it they will lose it . aspirin is a good example .	actually , aspirin is a poor example as bayer ag was forced to give up the trademark to aspirin in the us , the uk , france and russia as

1 in fucking , austria , the only reported crime has been the stealing of their road signs . in an effort to save money replacing road signs , a vote	> but for us fucking is fucking — and it's going to stay fucking that's now one of my favourite quotes .
2 would you call the citizens fuckingers or fuckers ?	fuckinger , both singular and plural .
3 wouldn't the plural be " fuckingern " ?	no .

1 david yost , who played billy the blue power ranger , quit the show after frequent harassment from the crew for being gay	wow ... he's 44 now . i feel old .

1 turk edwards , an nfl player on the washington redskins , suffered a career ending injury during a coin toss .	a redskin lost his battle with wounded knee . ^ ^ i'm ^ ^ going ^ ^ to ^ ^ hell ^ ^ for ^ ^ this

1 einstein was stopped so much in public , he would reply , " pardon me , sorry ! always i am mistaken for professor einstein . "	showed this to my mom , she had an interesting story to tell . when my grandpa was a baby , his great grandparents were at princeton , where einstein
2 wouldn't it be hilarious if he went around doing things like that just to mess with people , knowing the story would stay in their family for generations ?	that would be awesome !

1 the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints purchased advertisements in many playbills for the musical " the book of mormon " , with phrases like " the book is	that's pretty smart .

1 every country in the world lets kids out of school for summer break	because in europe that's when kids were needed to help harvest crops and europe colonized most of the world .

1 the dolphin that played flipper on the tv show committed suicide by refusing to breathe	the cove . watch it .
2 or , you know , don't . ever .	yea , i like your suggestion better .

1 the first thing ever sold online was marijuana .	i am going to call this horse poop .

1 the deepest note mankind has ever detected is a b ♭ that is 57 octaves below middle c . the sound is made by inflating plasma bubbles in the center	[ speaking of b ♭ s , here's a guy hitting a b ♭ 1 . ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pq-sqHvV3yg&t=2m47s )
2 [ also speaking of b ♭ s , here's an amazing music project in the key of b ♭ . ] ( http://inbflat.net )	it crashed my browser .

1 , in 2008 4 women sued girls gone wild for emotional distress after being in one of their films an all female jury declined to award damages .	bad grammar . but i'm guessing these women signed consent forms . joe francis is clearly a rapist , though . edit : http://www.latimes.com/features/la-tm-gonewild32aug06,0,6367343.story#axzz2s0soenMb terrible human being . thank god
2 also , slut shaming conspiracy .	some sluts should be ashamed .

1 english mastiffs don't attack people who are threats , they use their size to pin them until a human they know arrives and tells them it's okay	what is the difference between an english mastiff and a bull mastiff ? english mastiffs didn't maul my brother's running coach to death in san francisco .

1 the united states is the only country in the entire world that currently has minors serving life without parole .	in saudi arabia , egypt , or many many other countries , they just kill them . some minors just need to die . those teens that shot that baby
2 i had a bad day , but that puts all my problems into perspective , poor lady .	probably the best reply here .

1 danny trejo often chooses to play bad guys to teach younger audiences that bad guys often die or go to prison , and that one should try to live a	also because starring in a romcom opposite jennifer aniston is not his type casting .

1 buzz aldrin once punched a moon landing conspiracy theorist in the face . the charges were dismissed , saying that he was provoked .	http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wptn5RE2I-k
2 i watched that video without any sound and i still wanted to punch that guy in the face .	please tell me you're on a phone and i'm not alone in dealing with this .

1 mango plants are pretty much poison ivy with bits of deliciousness attached .	i can confirm this is false . i have climbed mango trees when i was in hawaii and was perfectly fine . i ’ ve got in poison ivy before

1 in aliso viejo , california , the city officials came close to ban polystyrene cups in 2004 after hearing that " dihydrogen monoxide " ( h20 , plain water )	i currently reside in aliso viejo and i have to say this does not surprise me . orange county people live behind a veil of illusion that life is awesome
2 except for you , right ? i live in orange county and know there is culture . mexicans in san juan , santa ana , and many other cities keep	garden grove / westminster area too
3 westminster woot woot . don't forget the arabs in this area on brookhurst st	gaza strip

1 despite urging from other nazi leaders , hitler opposed and turned down a plan to use biological weapons to attack america during ww2 .	shows how cold blooded he was when it came to the jews .
2 the calculus was simple from his perspective though , albeit sick : it was fine to use gas on the jews , because they had no capacity to retaliate with	really ? i always thought hitler didn't use it because of a moral objective , as laughable as that sounds . i read it was because of his combat experiences

1 human breast milk contains sugars ( oligosaccharides ) intended to feed intestinal * bacteria * , rather than the infant itself .	so , does formula have these sugars ?

1 john constantine is one of the only comic book characters to age in real time with his publication . this year he turned 61 .	iirc the judge dredd universe is real-time too .
2 yup jd is starting to feel his age , future science and a healthy lifestyle go a long way .	wait , judge dredd is still a running series ? ?
3 new judge dredd comics are published weekly in 2000ad magazine , and those have been going on the same continuity for over 30 years . idw ( an american comic	and idw which is some great stories . the 2000 ad new comic is based on the movie .

1 in the us , drying laundry on a line is seen as a sign of poverty rather than common sense	outside the us using technology to make your life easier is frowned upon .
2 cost of electric drying : about $ 85 / year . cost of sun drying : $ 0 . and your clothes smell better . edit : and i didn't	cost of new clothes when yours get stolen from the clothesline : $ 100 + each time . cost of your clothes smelling like exhaust fumes : priceless .
3 cost of safely drying your clothes at your window : $ 0 .	i live on the first floor , so i can't open my window ... even if i was on the third floor , though , it would still smell like

1 after receiving complaints about the size of their sandwiches , subway responded " ' subway footlong ' is a registered trademark as a descriptive name for the sub sold ...	i think i speak for all guys when i say this : if i had 11 inches , i'd call it a footlong too .
2 a subway sandwich is 30 cm where i live . maybe i should measure it next time . you can order a 15 cm sub or a 30 cm sub	" 30 cm " is just the name of the sandwich . it's actually 25 cm . kind of like my dog's name is " cat " , but it's
3 my friend's dog's name is actually " dog " .	alyx ?

1 an american psychologist at the university of wisconsin-madison developed an insane experiment called the " pit of despair " , which involved socially isolating young monkeys for up to a	kick ass band name : monkey suicide

1 in 1994 the writers of toy story concepted wall-e , a bug's life , monster's inc . , and finding nemo all during a single lunch .	concepted ?
2 conceived of * ?	conceptualized .

1 cake's newest album was recorded in a solar powered studio that the band built themselves .	well , they didn't build the whole thing themselves . a company by the name of borrego solar did the installation of the solar electric . i know , i
2 decent viral marketing , probably sold a good amount of units today .	would have been good viral marketing two years ago when borrego solar did the installation , sadly they sold their residential division soon after to grosolar .

1 there are more slaves today than at any point in human history .	also more people today than ever , so it kinda makes sense .

1 fleetwood town have been promoted to league one - this is their 6th promotion in 9 years since they won the north west counties division one in 2005	that 10 mil includes stadium improvements etc ...

1 during a lecture , an oxford philosopher made the claim that although a double negative in english implies a positive meaning , there is no language in which a double	i personally suspect that wikipedia might be much improved if every article had a " stories " section . / hhos

1 alfred hitchcock was notoriously hard on actors . he was once quoted as saying , “ actors are cattle ” — a quip that stirred up a huge outcry .	anyone who's worked in the film industry knows that most movie stars ( i'm not talking about ordinary actors here ) egos are such that if you don't keep them
2 i always get the feeling that when directors of various sorts refer to the " talent " ( meaning actors or models ) that there is a hint of sarcasm	there is an implied " motherfucker . "

1 a former italian porn star became a politician and continued to make adult movies while a member of parliament	i thought everyone knew about the italian porn politician .

1 in the case of a female president , the male spouse is described as first gentleman .	dammit ! i could * not * stop reading " mouse " in that title

1 when developing the macintosh computer , steve jobs wanted to add a small mysterious character who would appear after about every 1000 times you used an os ui element .	what the actual fuck is the thumbnail for this ? !

1 all us males from ages 18 to 26 are legally required to sign up with the selective service , and those who don't could face prison time or a huge	yep . and if they lose your registration information , you will be denied student loans and federal gov't jobs . i found this out the hard way ten years

1 approximately 8 % of all rams ( male sheep ) exhibit an exclusive sexual preference for other rams and this preference is linked to a decreased volume of a particular	pro tip : when you download more ram , make sure it's not the gay kind
2 thankfully ram slots are keyed to ensure proper orientation .	yet once it's installed , anything goes . it's random access , baby .

1 3 years after illegally joining the marines at the age of 14 , jacklyn lucas snuck onto a ship bound for iwo jima , stormed the beach without a rifle	> he served in the 82nd airborne division from 1961 to 1965 as a paratrooper to conquer his fear of heights and survived a training jump in which both of
2 this guy's life was basically one big , long " fuck you " to death .	he died
3 you can only dance with death for so long .	what do we say to death ? not today

1 although pancreatic cancer is usually deadly , steve jobs had the one variety that's curable . but for nine months , he refused treatment and instead tried a vegan diet	you know what they call alternative medicine that works ? medicine
2 i know man , all those medical marijuana patents just faking it to get stoned and sit around all day . they should be in jail and unable to get	you know that weed doesn't cure cancer right ?

1 : only 83 % of uns member states recognize that israel is an actual country	the way it was forced upon the region might have something to do with it ...
2 oddly , the countries directly next to israel , recognize it ... so i'm not sure how the countries in the ' region ' extend all the way to west	oddly ? the countries they invaded with us military hardware now recognize them ? a gun directly against someones head makes them an agreeable neighbor

1 : thích quảng đức , a monk who set himself on fire in protest , was later re-cremated but his heart remained intact and did not burn	pics or it didn't happen

1 " gleeking " is when saliva shoots out from under the tongue like a cobra spitting , often occurs whilst yawning . can go several feet !	my brother can do it on command . he'll just sit there and gleek on me - _ -

1 rep . tom moore jr . once submitted legislation to the texas legislature in favor of honoring notorious murderer albert desalvo “ for his work in ‘ population control ’	politics .

1 the first canadian man put on trial for homosexuality was given a choice between the death penalty or becoming the permanent executioner . he chose to become the executioner .	okay , reddit : what would * you * do ? i'd become the executioner . if it didn't work out , i would a ) kill myself privately using
2 let's say your lover was also under church jurisdiction , and was on trial after you . so by accepting the job of executioner , you would have to kill	execute him via death by snoo snoo ?

1 the tv comedy malcolm in the middle used mood-setting music in lieu of canned laughter . artists included abba , they might be giants , kenny rogers , elo &	i prefer it that way . i don't particularly enjoy the sound of a crowd laughing during my tv time . matter of fact , none of the shows i
2 friends and seinfeld are the only shows where i can deal with the laugh track . edit : i realize these shows were filmed in front of a live audience	the it crowd .
3 the it crowd , like a lot of british sitcoms , actually has a live audience and not a laugh track	you mean like every sitcom since the 1970s ?

1 coca-cola deliberately designed tab clear to fail , in order to tarnish the public perception of pepsi's rival clear soda and ultimately sink both products .	you maniacs ! you blew it up ! ah , damn you ! god damn you all to hell !

1 wow had a " plague " that resembled a real life epidemic so much that it became the focus of a study	anyone else remember that plague of login queues of aq ?

1 canada was the third country to go to space	take that china

1 a chemistry grad student accidentally synthesized the chemical mptp and gave himself parkinson's disease while trying to make opioids - accidentally advancing parkinson's research at his own expense	some people used to spray marijuana plants with this stuff as insecticide and it would end up causing similar symptoms in the users . this was years ago though .
2 source ?	there isn't one because its bullshit .
3 learned about it in my 2nd year of medical school . may be bullshit , idk , it's just what we were taught . i will try to find a	it would make no sense at all to use that as a pesticide .

1 roger ebert said the 2004 film national treasure was " so silly that the monty python version could use the same screenplay , line for line . "	i must admit , i love me some national treasure .
2 how could you not ? nic cage doing nic cage things , cool history stuff , a cute girl , what's not to like ? i'll watch either movie whenever	[ and the award for understatement of the year goes to ... ] ( http://images2.fanpop.com/images/photos/8100000/Diane-Kruger-diane-kruger-8178473-1939-2560.jpg )
3 the fivehead is what's keeping her from being considered hot imo	i'd still smash .

1 the cost of the international space station is funded by the usa 81 % , russia 8 % , europe 3 % , japan 3 % , and canada 1	how the fuck is russia planning on banning the us from the ss ?
2 because we don't have a way to get there and back since we mothballed our shuttles .	by 2020 we'll have a solution , i'm sure .

1 some people can voluntarily equalize the pressure in their ears by ' flexing ' open their eustachian tube .	for those who can't do this , i learned how . i noticed that yawning released the pressure so i just made myself yawn . after many yawns i noticed

1 after jfk was assassinated , there was a brief scuffle between local and federal authorities when the president's security detail wasn't allowed to remove his body from the hospital .	well yeah guys , magneto was still hanging around , i'd want to gtfo too .

1 in 2013 a heatwave of 86 ° f killed 760 people in britain .	86 ^ o f = 30 ^ o c
2 as a mobile user who was brought up using celsius , i thank you .	what does being a mobile user have to do with it ?
3 harder to tab to a conversion page	open web browser type " 86 f in c " in address field profit

1 the snl jeopardy sketch was created by norm macdonald purely so that he could show off his burt reynolds impression .	that's not his name

1 prince charles is an advocate of homeopathic ' medicine ' , and owns a company ( duchy originals ) which sells and promotes such products .	you mean the possible future king is an * idiot * ? who knew ?

1 a young charlie wilson's dog was killed by a next door neighbor who was running for city council by mixing crushed glass into the dog's food . charlie wilson retaliated	mixing crushed glass into dog food would not get any voters on your side . worst political platform ever .
2 firm stance against peta . interesting .	when you put it like that , i'm not sure who to vote for anymore . i mean if the other guy is pro peta i don't think i can

1 the wwi race horse man'o'war had such a powerful genome that 37 percent of race stakes winners in 1966 were his direct descendants	a relatively large percentage of race horses owners trace lineage back to man'o war

1 christopher nolan's interstellar is the only film in the top 10 worldwide box office of 2014 to be wholly original--not a reboot , remake , sequel , or part of	originality - this is what i crave in movie plots now .
2 * * grand budapest hotel * *	based off a book . but at least it's the first time it was done on screen !

1 in the process of trying to catch serial killer andrei chikatilo , soviet police ended up solving more than 1000 unrelated crimes , including 95 murders and 245 rapes .	as psychopaths are an infinite source of inspiration for the police , we need more people like him . yes , yes we do !

1 the lakota people that saw dances with wolves laughed at costner because he was speaking the female-gendered version of the language .	[ lakota ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rsCiKED2jW0&feature=player_detailpage#t=13s ) .

1 sean connery was offered up to 15 % of the lotr worldwide box office receipts to play gandalf , but he declined because he ' didn't understand the script '	if he had spoken in that fucking scottish accent , i'd have climbed the nearest available clocktower .

1 when asked about his participation in ' jaws : the revenge ' , michael caine famously replied " i have never seen the film , but by all accounts it	read his politics , he is the perfect swing voter

1 castle stairs wound upwards and clockwise to give the advantage to right-handed defenders at the top	same goes for the vietcong-tunnels . they were made so small , pulling your gun was impossible for americans , thus needing to fight hand to hand . this would
2 yes , the malnourished , rag-tag fighters had an advantage in close-quarters combat over the well built , well disciplined , well trained us soldiers . it may have evened	that must be the reasons the americans were terrified of those tunnels to the extend that they formed special rat squads of trained tunnel fighters to go down there .

1 james watson , one of the scientists who discovered the helical structure of dna , believes that stupidity is a disease and stupid people should be " cured " ,	smart people can be assholes too .
2 smart people are often assholes	on the stupidity front , he may be onto something . i mean honestly if genetics can determine everything else in the body from eye-site , muscle structure , weight
3 * eye sight yes , genetics does play a role in intelligence . but , i believe current studies have shown that a bigger and more important factor is environmental	the papers ive seen range from 50 % genetic to 80 % genetic

1 in the united states , more money is stolen by employers from employees each year than is stolen in robberies , burglaries , larcenies and auto thefts combined . the	just curious how does one who agrees to work a certain job for a certain dollar amount have there wages stolen ? ! ? like the job i currently work
2 and why would one stay employed at said job if one was being stolen from ? ?	that's irrelevant . it's like saying rape is fine because then victims know to avoid the rapist .

1 ladies and gentlemen , the f1 driver with the most retirements , most retirements in a season , and most races without a win . meet andrea de cesaris .	" andrea de carsheris " . still don't know how he managed to have such a long carrer with so many disappointing races ..
2 pure and simple - marlboro money . his father was very senior in the company . in his earlier years , he was fast but highly accident prone . after	in his little defense , nannini was really fast . he deserved more than he had before his accident

1 " fruit " is a botanical term and " vegetable " is a culinary term , meaning a tomato can be considered both a fruit and a vegetable	tomato = fruit ketchup = smoothie

1 hershey's chocolate is flavored with sour-tasting butyric acid , which also gives vomit its aroma . this is why people unaccustomed to american chocolate sometimes compare it to vomit .	people compare american chocolate to vomit .

1 the coffee drink " americano or caffé americano " was created in world war ii when american g . i . s in italy would dilute espresso with hot water	that's interesting . i worked as a barista for almost four years and i always wondered who exactly the americano was targeted for . americans never ordered it , either
2 heh , i always order americanos if i am grabbing coffee in a random chain coffeeshop and i don't know how fresh the brewed coffee is . since an americano	or just have a straight espresso .

1 george lucas gave mel brooks his blessing to make spaceballs on the condition that no action figures be made , as they could be confused with actual star wars toys	was it before or after the holiday special ?

1 steve jobs died because he refused medical treatment for his cancer . instead , he tried a vegan diet , acupuncture , herbal remedies and other treatments he found online	alternative medicine comes through .

1 radio city music hall was slated to be converted into office space in 1979 , but a combination of preservation and commercial interests , including an irate commentary on weekend	wow . i somehow wasnt aware of this . it's so sadly fathomable ... given the progression of things . thanks for posting .
2 i've never been to new york , but would it be correct to say that it's one of the more impressive venues in the city ? it seems to have	they give tours daily if you wanna go in when there isn't a how going on .

1 samuel l . jackson got rid of his stutter by developing an affinity for the word " motherfucker "	everybody stutters one way or the other
2 check your pm dawg	check out your [ pm dawn . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0AOVf9p9ht4 )

1 until recently the navy communicated in all caps	iғ i ʀᴇᴄᴀʟʟ ᴄᴏʀʀᴇᴄᴛʟʏ , ᴛʜᴇʏ ᴜsᴇᴅ sᴍᴀʟʟ ᴄᴀᴘs , ʟɪᴋᴇ ᴛʜɪs , sᴏ ᴛʜᴀᴛ ᴛʜᴇʏ ᴅɪᴅɴ'ᴛ sᴇᴇᴍ ʟɪᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇʏ ᴡᴇʀᴇ sʜᴏᴜᴛɪɴɢ ᴄᴏɴsᴛᴀɴᴛʟʏ .
2 in my head you where shouting , just quietly shouting .	as though from a great distance

1 the nickname ' skip ' identifies someone who has the same first name as their grandparent but not their parent , essentially ' skipping ' a generation .	i am a skip ... wow

1 pasty white skin was considered more attractive until the 1920 ' s when coco chanel accidentally got a sunburn while on vacation and people started to emulate her .	i've always loved the pale girls more than the sunburned ones

1 in 2003 and 2004 boycotts of the sponsors of the masters golf tournament ensued due to their men-only club rule . the golf club responded by dropping all three of	when i was in high school , this girl fought and fought to make it on the football team as a kicker . everyone was so proud of her ,
2 that could also be kind of due to the fact that males / females are built differently and guys are mostly stronger etc than the girls . might not be	or it could just be a double standard ...

1 if your phone's gps tracks going over 1,000 mph , it legally is required to deactivate as it probably means it's being used to guide a missile .	i tried this in an airplane . my phone went all confused and told me i was speeding .

1 there are 7 different kinds of twins : identical , fraternal , half-identical , mirror image , mixed chromosome , superfecundation , superfetation .	> 1 in 8 pregnancies start out as multiples . i could have had a twin . :-(
2 same , my mothers early ultrasounds showed two of me ... only the strongest made it out !	yeah and then their body was absorbed by yours . good job you cannibal .

1 in some countries ( such as zimbabwe ) it is commonly believed that sex with an albinistic woman cures hiv . this has led to rapes and subsequent spread of	where da white women at

1 the parents in ferris buellers day off met onset and actually got married after filming	" so that's how it is in their family ... "
2 do you have a kiss for daddy ?	god damn it , i used that line when i was very young and romantically inept , to my first girlfriend . she jumped off my lap and ran out
3 at least it wasn't " do you have a kiss for daddy , retard "	do you have a kiss for daddy you fucking retard

1 mars candy incorporated found e . t . so ugly that the company refused to allow m & m's to be used in the film , believing the creature would	when i was a kid , my uncle took me to see e . t . but it was sold out , so we saw the only other movie playing

1 andrew jackson was challenged to a duel by charles dickinson who was considered an expert shot . jackson allowed him to fire first hoping his aim to be spoiled by	> look son , being a good shot , being quick with a pistol , that don't do no harm , but it don't mean much next to being cool-headed
2 what is this from ?	unforgiven , staring clint eastwood . one of the best westerns ever made .
3 hell of a thing , killing a man	yea , well , i guess he had it coming .

1 when nestlé declined an offer to watch his film about the exploitation of african children to harvest chocolate , director miki mistrati set up a large screen next to their	so was it at all effective ?

1 the man with the deepest voice can hum 8 octaves below the lowest g on the piano ; so low that humans can't hear it .	that's unpossible

1 jaws , scored by john williams , was surpassed as the highest-grossing film of all time by a new hope , scored by john williams , which was surpassed by	[ john williams is the man ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lk5_OSsawz4 )

1 the french philosopher voltaire said , " canada [ is ] a country covered with snows and ices eight months of the year , inhabited by barbarians , bears and	canada in the 18th century resembled sweden during the 10th century .

1 " danger zone " was originally going to be sung by the band ' toto ' , but arguments with the band's lawyers prevented this . bryan adams and reo	it was later redone in a duet between kenny loggins and cherlene , queen of outlaw country .
2 outlaw country ! yyeeeahhhhaawww	mojo nixon reference ? ? if so very nice ..
3 methinks it's an archer reference .	yeah , that was archer . the only time i listen to country is after la migra picks me up .

1 while christopher reeve was awaiting surgery to reattach his skull to his spine , a man burst through the door claiming to be a proctologist and said he needed to	actually is dolan

1 the african king / queen parents in coming to america are the same actor and actress as the african king / queen parents in the lion king .	yes ! fuck you too !
2 people always look at me funny when i interject " [ sexual chocolate ! ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fOk_1ZeSBe0 ) " at inappropriate times .	i belieeeeeeeeeeve the children are our future .
3 teach them well and let them lead the way .	give them a sense ... of * pride * ?

1 robert moses ( considered to be the " master builder " of mid - 20th century nyc , long island , rockland and westchester county ) was responsible for various	he built parkways with low clearances to keep city negros from getting to the beaches on buses .
2 my irish grapndparents lived in jackson heights . moses was proposing to build a city pool there and held a town hall . my grandmother said someone stood up and	" and then i stoo ... someone stood up and said ... "

1 kane hodder , the actor that played jason voorhees in four of the " friday the 13th " films , once objected to a scene where jason was supposed to	i like how the first one is not in any way supernatural , and if you know about the friday the 13 movies but not the first one specifically ,

1 dave chappelle converted to islam in 1998 . he said , " i don ’ t normally talk about my religion publicly because i don ’ t want people to	reddit hates islam .
2 > reddit hates islam . as any decent people should . islam is a terrible religion , the creation of a power-hungry warlord " prophet " . read the quran	waka-waka

1 the international space station is estimated to be the most expensive thing ever built ( $ 150 billion )	this is why we need a space elevator to reduce the insane cost of transporting objects into space . once we have one , space hotels will become a thing
2 ahh yes , people who don't understand dick about science telling us what will happen .	christ man it was just a fun and hopeful prediction !

1 the cross-dressing character “ corporal klinger ” on m * a * s * h was inspired by the ' 50s / ' 60s counterculture comedian lenny bruce who was	it should also be known the character clinger was homophobic and refused a discharge for being homosexual .
2 i'm a big fan of mash , and i could be wrong , but klinger never says or does anything terribly homophobic . he was straight , tried to date	season 2 episode 3 " radar's report "

1 mount everest is not the farthest point from earth's center	___awww , fuck ! ! ! ___ - edmund hillary

1 : when weird al yankovic , who is vegan , was asked how he can rationalize performing at events such as the great american rib cook-off , he replied ,	what a horrible person for not pushing her personal beliefs on other people
2 weird alison rubovic	i want to look up " weird alison " ... but i also am really , really afraid of what i'd find .

1 wayne's world was responsible for starting the phrase " that's what she said " and the " not " joke	does it make me old for thinking , " well duh ! ! " ?

1 in 1976 as a show of force after 2 marines were killed by north korean guards wielding axes who crossed the dmz , a joint us-south korean army brigade invaded	atrocious title .

1 edge of tomorrow , adapted from all you need is kill by hiroshi sakurazaka , who was inspired from his experience from playing video games ; when getting stuck on	best summer action movie this year . even though the rest of the summer movies were too mediocre for me to be interested in , this movie fully grabbed my

1 rambo iii was originally dedicated to " the brave mujaheddin fighters " ; it was later changed to " the gallant people of afghanistan "	my faded vhs copy still says mujahideen , why would they even change it anyway lmao .

1 a very high wonderlic score is a red flag .	is there a online wonderlic test ? i wanna try it . anybody know ... or is it not available .
2 http://freepdfhosting.com/a4dc569a1e.pdf solutions : http://freepdfhosting.com/a3d04939df.pdf	i'm assuming this isn't real unless " febtoday " is supposed to be a trick answer . i did , however , get 19/20 right ( 47.5 ) [ missed

1 vermont abolished slavery in 1777 , while still an independent nation . this means vermont was both the first state , and the first nation in the americas to abolish	i fucking live in vermont
2 me too ! / / burlington	holy shit , i live in south burlington
3 please tell me you go to the magic hat brewery every day . uvm grad here . i miss it .	switchback ftw .

1 ketchup is graded according to its specific gravity , which is what makes " fancy " ketchup different from " standard " or " extra standard " ketchup	and whataburger ketchup sits at the top of the scale

1 dennis rodman's father , philander , had over 26 children with 16 different women , making him , by definition , a philanderer .	its cool when this happens . like my name is brick , and i am indeed a blend of clay and sand in a rectangular prism shape !
2 brick , i've been meaning to talk to you about that . you might want to lay low or stay with some family for a while , because you're probably	well first he should get off scrape .

1 there are " sailing stones " that move about on their own , without any human or animal intervention , in death valley national park .	ive seen these pictures before , is there any scientific reasoning for this ? or are sandpeople just trolling hard ?

1 tolkien constructed the grammar and vocabulary of not only one , but at least fifteen elvish languages and dialects .	nerd !

1 some lizards will do ' pushups ' if they are spotted , advertising to the predator just how strong and healthy they are - that pursuing them is just not	the reptilian version of ' come at me bro ! '

1 the bermuda triangle's rate of confirmed mysterious disappearances ( per area ) is no higher than anywhere else in the world . the whole concept is bogus .	how disappointing .

1 there is a beer pipeline in germany	thor ? why not bacchus or dionysus ? or homer ?

1 c - 4 plastic explosive is so chemically stable it can be shot , microwaved , or even * set on fire * without exploding . soldiers in vietnam would	[ hmx ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HMX ) is an explosive that could > could easily pass for regular flour , thereby passing checkpoints without detection . it could even be cooked
2 now i want explosive pancakes in a game .	death by flapjack
3 pancakes are already more dangerous than we thought ... http://www.thestar.com/sports/hockey/2012/01/09/la_kings_forward_dustin_penner_hurt_while_eating_pancakes.html	haha fuckin pancakes penner .

1 last year's 47 ronin is the biggest box office flop of all time	i find it odd that the movies that grossed more than their production budgets were still listed as huge losers . there's obviously a lot of information left out of

1 : while shooting the lord of the rings , viggo mortensen ( aragorn ) often spent days hiking to the film's remote locations , in costume and carrying his sword	he also had the police called on him after walking around in front of his house practicing his sword moves . his neighbors were freaked out and thought he was
2 maybe aragorn has been playing viggo mortensen this whole time	or maybe they are actually the same person ? not sure which one is the cool tyler durden - personality , and which is the less insane personality .

1 there have been multiple on-field deaths in the game of cricket including an umpire , because they were struck by a cricket ball	for americans out there a cricket ball is somewhere between a baseball and golf ball in terms of hardness

1 fanta is available in hundreds of flavors , including " mushroom , " " red tangerine , " " lychee soursop , " and " banana fermented milk "	[ * * lychees are amazing . you * have * to try one at some point in your life * * ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-lATjvZcXUdU/TiN_ObJO_9I/AAAAAAAADz8/KATavb7z2ew/s1600/Lychee_600.jpg ) it feels like only
2 this shit is the shit : http://www.rubiconexotic.com/#/lychee	holy crap , why have i never thought of buying lychee juice ? it must be amazing--man's most realistic equivalent to ambrosia .

1 the black death , which killed 75 to 200 million people , almost entirely skipped the nation of poland	too bad hitler isn't like the black death .

1 the n64 had online capabilities that were never released to the us .	it had a cd attachment at some point too didn't it ? i think it was either scraped or japan only .

1 " band geeks " was voted the best spongebob episode of all time	the top 10 : 1 . band geeks 2 . idiot box 3 . f . u . n . 4 . best day ever 5 . that's no lady
2 wow , half of those are terrible . toy store of doom is especially a stinker .	i like " what ? ! i cant hear you its too dark in here ! ! " but other than that i agree

1 there is a mysterious dwarf planet between mars and jupiter called ' ceres ' which has never been visited by spacecraft or photographed in detail , however , earth-bound telescopes	to be fair , it's not a * shining * spot , but a * shiny * spot .
2 i have made a lot of frontpage til posts over the years , and am continually astounded in how many of them , the top upvoted comment is not some	someone needs a hug !

1 dennis rodman's father , philander , had over 26 children with 16 different women , making him , by definition , a philanderer .	its cool when this happens . like my name is brick , and i am indeed a blend of clay and sand in a rectangular prism shape !
2 remember when lou gehrig died of lou gehrig's disease ? what were the chances ?	his parents are fucking stupid for naming after the disease , of course he got it and died , idiots !
3 i feel that way about remus lupin . of course your child got bitten by a werewolf .	i dont see the correlation .

1 i learned a 17yo killed 4 people and injured 11 while drunk driving . the judge didn't send him to jail because he " was unable to understand the consequences	nice click bait title . you failed to mention how he got 10 years probation though
2 yeah , kills 4 and gets probation , that's a slap on the wrist . the same judge a few years ago sentenced a boy the same age for a	source ?

1 spaghetti marinara wasn't invented until the new world was discovered , since tomatoes came from the aztecs . before that , pasta was eaten plain with no sauce ... with	pasta was not only eaten plain . panna is an ancient reduced cream sauce that was used with pasta along with butter , olive oil , and cheeses for other
2 was pesto around back then ?	yes .

1 the italian version of " you can't have your cake and eat it too " is " you want your bottle full of wine and your wife drunk "	i am learning italian as well ( hence my name ) and this is awesome . italian is such a cool language but pretty difficult . buona notte mi amici
2 i sogni d'oro	it's " miei " in the first post . and it's just " sogni d'oro " without the " i " .

1 george rr martin's a storm of swords lost the 2001 hugo award for best novel to harry potter and the goblet of fire . his response ? " eat your	he must have been rubbing his eyes too

1 nokia made a handheld game console in 2003 , the n-gage . in the first two weeks , nokia claimed to have sold 400,000 units , but researchers later found	i had one :) . it's probably still somewhere in my room ...

1 consuming a polar bear's liver will kill you because of it's toxic levels of vitamin a	i've eaten polar bear meat . it tasted kind of like beef liver . would a polar bear's muscles have a proportionally higher vitamin a content , thus explaining the

1 dennis rodman's father , philander , had over 26 children with 16 different women , making him , by definition , a philanderer .	idiocracy in practice .

1 , before his days as a supernatural detective , norville " shaggy " rogers was once a track star and gymnast , " both of which hint at his uncanny	norville was such a good kid . he excelled in school and sports alike . always made his parents proud . and then ... it happened . he discovered the
2 at least he didn't die like becky did after she snorted marijuana .	six mary jands

1 kevin spacey personal life is so private that no one can confirm his girlfriend's identity .	i guess you could say he likes his personal spacey .
2 goddamnit barb	frig off , barb !
3 wot if ur legs	didn't know they were legs ? o . o

1 it ’ s illegal for drug companies to advertise to consumers almost everywhere in the world . the only exceptions are the us and new zealand .	in nz the only drug adds i see are for avigra just like viagra only cheaper

1 stephen hawking has survived for over 50 years after being diagnosed with a disease that only 4 % of people survive 10 years with .	my dad wasn't one of the 4 % : c

1 " serenity " was the first high definition movie to be cracked and torrented .	this doesn't say it was the first high definition film to be cracked . it was the first hd dvd that was cracked . iirc hd dvd is an alternative
2 playstation 3 ( sony ) was blueray , xbox 360 ( microsoft ) was hd dvd . outside of the xbox i never knew anyone with an hd dvd player	the xbox 360 itself could only do regular dvds btw . there was an hd-dvd accessory drive you could buy and hook up to the xbox to play hd-dvds but

1 before the invention of radio , the telephone was used to distribute opera and news reports , whose subscribers were denounced as " illiterate , blind , bedridden and incurably	that is a brilliant use of the technology !

1 texas is only 45 percent white .	go to the ut arlington , it's 45 % indian .
2 utasia ( i'm also from arlington ) .	go mavs ...

1 the poorest place in the us is 96 % native american and the median income of men is $ 0	this would be a good documentary for vice .

1 dr . pepper is the oldest major soft drink in the united states , and is over 125 years old	[ vernors ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vernors ) is 147 years old . michigan represent .
2 isn't hires root beer older than dr pepper as well ?	neither are " major " soft drinks .

1 david yost , who played billy the blue power ranger , quit the show after frequent harassment from the crew for being gay	wow ... he's 44 now . i feel old .
2 to be fair , he was 24 when the series debuted . of course , now you've got to deal with the idea that the series debuted two full decades	that's crazy . this guy is in his mid 20s getting picked on like he's in middle school . can't even imagine that .

1 mao never brushed his teeth and that by the time of his death , his teeth were covered in a green film .	the wikipedia article says he never bathed , true . but , he swam regularly and rubbed down afterwards .
2 isn't that what bathing is ? immersing yourself in water and rubbing yourself down ?	some people think that soap should be involved at some point .
3 right , but immersing yourself in water and rubbing yourself down must be described as bathing .	no that's just jerking it in the pool .

1 roger ebert said the 2004 film national treasure was " so silly that the monty python version could use the same screenplay , line for line . "	[ sounds like that movie airplane is based on ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-BjU-e01zQ4 ) ... they barely had to change the script .
2 had no idea that was such a specific parody . cool find .	wow , me either . i have watched airplane probably 100 times and never new it was a specific parody . god damn that movie is hilarious .

1 franz kafka published almost nothing during his lifetime , and on his deathbed told his friend to burn all his manuscripts . the friend published everything and kafka became famous	everything kafka wrote was like " oh , you want to read a nice book ? well fuck you . here , you like this character ? well he's dead
2 he was a genius .	the trial is my favorite .
3 metamorphosis . i love to hate that book .	i didn't really get it

1 people with red hair are more sensitive to thermal pain , are less sensitive to electrically induced pain , and require larger amounts of anesthetics than people without red hair	that explains why i always think everyone's a baby with electric fences . i touch them and most feel tingly at worst .

1 when his mercury space capsule lost power , astronaut gordon cooper used a only a wristwatch , his knowledge of star patterns , and math estimations to correct the pitch	and to think nasa didn't originally want the astronauts to pilot the mercury capsules .
2 the original capsule prototypes did not have controls or a window . astronauts nearly walked out when they saw it .	there was a fantastic book written on the subject of the development of the space program , supposedly the pilots in the air force's space program laughed at the astronauts

1 when the final episode of m * a * s * h aired , major plumbing systems in new york city shut down because everyone waited until the episode was	in uk we have a similar problem with millions of kettles being turned on during world cup break .

1 jp morgan bailed out the us government in 1895	any idea how much 3.5 milllion ounces of gold would be worth today ?

1 april 16 , 2016 will be the 500 year anniversary of bavaria adopting the reinheitsgebot . it is a law that said that the only ingredients that could be used	also my wedding day . . .
2 also my birthday ...	same here , lol . even though it follows one of the possible worst days of all time , april 15 .

1 a reliable way of detecting art forgeries is to test for cesium - 137 and strontium - 90 as these isotopes did not exist in nature prior to the first	can i have a link that best explains what you " white collar " folks are talking about ?
2 it's a tv show about an art thief who ends up in prison and then gets parole to work for the fbi helping the guy who caught him catch white	most helpful comment so far .

1 3 years after illegally joining the marines at the age of 14 , jacklyn lucas snuck onto a ship bound for iwo jima , stormed the beach without a rifle	i read about him and a bunch of other marine stories in a little book . it was called like world war ii heroes or something

1 " groundhog day " is a favorite movie among buddhist and catholic religious leaders due to its themes of spiritual transcendence	it's also a favorite among me , because it's fucking hilarious .
2 damn . you beat me to it . have an upvote .	it's also a favorite among me , because it's fucking hilarious .

1 the church of satan doesn't even believe in the devil , but merely in embracing one's carnal self .	that priest looks evil as hell

1 filming for rage against the machine's " sleep now in the fire " music video forced the new york stock exchange to shut its gates after band members attempted to	holy shit look what i just found : http://imgur.com/RoIjRSY this post inspired me to watch the music video and this is what i saw about a minute in . ratm
2 although a cool tidbit in the video , trump had been talking about running for president at some point in the future since the late 80s , so it wasn't	exactly , here's an oprah interview from 1988 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GZpMJeynBeg
3 hmm hes actually incredibly articulate in that video , not at all like he acts now . i think if he had run just before obama he might have had	wait really ? have you not been watching his interviews ?

1 anne frank detailed her sexual exploration in her original diary but it was later edited out by her father .	what happens in the attic , stays in the attic .
2 i think the ss disagreed with that .	super saiyans ?
3 you're thinking of ssj . sūpā saiya-jin .	ssj is a hold-over from the original crappy english fan-subs . the japanese use the abbreviation ss .

1 michael cera was the voice of brother bear in the berenstain bears animated series .	he kinda looks like him too !
2 ... what ?	it's the hair .

1 rainn wilson originally auditioned for the role of michael scott in " the office . " the producers didn't like his audition , but offered him the role of dwight	i love rainn wilson and i'm sad they canceled backstrom .
2 jeez did that last like 4 episodes ?	13 and i liked it personally .

1 jack kilby , as a new employee at texas instruments , did not have a summer vacation . while the rest of his colleagues took their summer time off ,	when the girls get here , we'll talk about integrated circuits and things

1 while alpha male australian giant cuttlefish are busy fighting cross-dressing males sneak in for sexy time with the females	this behavior is probably mirrored in some human transgendered people . here comes the downvote brigade !

1 in 2009 , a woman filed suit against pepsico after discovering that the crunchberries in a cap'n crunch cereal had not in fact been real fruit . the case was	the same lawyers represented a man that sued kellog over froot loops for the same reason . twice .
2 do they contain froot though ?	op pls

1 during the chernobyl , three engineers volunteered to dive into a pool of radioactive hydrogen peroxide with no working flashlights and open a pipe to stop the reactor from exploding	it does not get more badassly selfless than this
2 the source article said their families were richly rewarded , but it is still a selfless act , given the certainty of death .	richly rewarded with one weeks worth of rations . praise the motherland !
3 one weeks ration = two potatoes .	i'd kill a man for two potatoes .

1 hershey's chocolate is flavored with sour-tasting butyric acid , which also gives vomit its aroma . this is why people unaccustomed to american chocolate sometimes compare it to vomit .	hershey's is some of the cheapest chocolate you can buy . go to other countries and buy cheap chocolate , it's probably not all that great either . if you
2 hershey's is not a great representation of what you can get in the us , but you can get really nice cheap chocolate in germany .	well i like my chocolate just as i like my society - stratified economically .

1 in 1985 , french intelligence services attacked and successfully sank a greenpeace ship in new zeland .	yeah imagine if this had happened in an american port . paris would be a big hole in the ground now .

1 in 1994 crayola release scented crayons but had to retire the food scented ones after a year because parents complained that they " smelled good enought to eat "	i remember using / eating these growing up ! my favorite was banana . it really just a-peel-ed to all my senses !

1 one of the first books burned by nazis , heinrich heine play , contained a famous line " where they burn books , they will in the end also burn	pretty sure that , among all the invaluable historic stuff isis has been destroying lately , one of the books they burned was " the life of reason " ,
2 as a history major , we are condemned to watch everyone else repeat history while we serve fries .	why not try teaching first ? and then move up the ladder . at least this way , you can apply your degree .

1 germany ( 223 goals ) has surpassed brazil ( 221 goals ) as the nation scroing the most goals at all world cups .	can germany please leave at least or dignity alone ... ... and than i remember , 7x1 . well , fuck it , at least do not declare war on

1 even though many people cite the pisa test scores as a source that americans are behind in education , the test scores show that americans beat every other oecd country	okay , so if you're wealthy the us is the best place to get your education . also , this just means that most of the usa is both poor

1 voted fraud was a likely culprit for kennedy's victory over nixon . one case in texas had 6,138 votes cast in a county of only 4,895 voters .	[ it's election day ! ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0RHCAAt9BA )

1 the han dynasty of china drilled for natural gas , transported it in pipelines and gas containers and burned it in stoves ... in 200 bc	if the chinese hadn't invented porcelain they would have likely stayed the most advanced civilization on earth . because they invented porcelain for all their needs of making waterproof vessels
2 china invented gunpowder , which is a far greater advantage than glass . i think we're overstating the importance of optical technology , especially when the chinese got curb stomped	glass is a big deal . let alone the fact that with a magnifying lens your scholars can get an extra 10-20 years more research done in their life makes

1 kate winslet didn't get the role of rose in titanic . she repeatedly called james cameron and begged until she got the role .	she didn't get the role but she got the role ?
2 she didn't originally get it . she finally got it after being really persistent .	" persistent " wink wink .

1 indonesia realized dead manta rays are worth $ 500 whereas manta ray tourism brought in $ 1,000 , 000 over the life of a single ray . indonesia is now	" nature is ok as long as its profitable . " most governments in the world .

1 wal-mart once pulled midge , a doll in the barbie line , from the shelves due to concerns she was pregnant with no wedding ring and it would promote teen	this is absurd on so many levels , the most obvious being that it is unlikely that the doll was pregnant in the first place . but , it's absurd

1 when rupert grint got his driver's license , he bought an ice cream truck to fulfill a childhood desire and gives out free ice cream to children .	sure , when ron does it it's cool , but when i do it it's creepy

1 pixar animators working to finish toy story 2 had such a heavy workload that many chose to work long hours even though pixar discouraged it . animators developed carpal tunnel	i read this to see the part about the baby , but he did not leave it in the car * all day * .

1 deadpool once killed off the entire marvel universe , including the writers themselves .	it's pretty bad . killing spidey with a gun ? gee , nobody's ever thought of that . if only he had some sort of .. way to predict danger

1 billie piper ( the actress who played rose tyler in doctor who ) divorced from her wealthy husband , she opted not to claim any money from him , stating	roses are red violets are blue the doctor once said " rose tyler i ... "
2 " ... bet you're going to have great year ! "	* right in the feels . *
3 i'm not crying i just ... spilled water on my face .	my eyes are just a little sweaty today ; __ ;

1 family guy creator seth macfarlane had been scheduled to be on american airlines flight 11 that hit the north tower on 9/11 , but he arrived at the airport late	so we were ' that close ' to not having to be subjected to american dad . damn .
2 wow you don't like american dad ? do you like the cleveland show or fg ?	no . i dont really like it at all . i may have had a chuckle come out once or twice . but that show never made me laugh like

1 the mpaa tried to outlaw vcrs in 1982 .	and mr . rodgers had a hand in making sure that didn't happen .

1 the word " niggardly " is an adjective meaning " stingy " or " miserly , " and is completely unrelated to the racial slur " nigger " despite their	sticking with african-americanardly . use it daily , as a matter of fact .

1 harvard earns enough money on interest from its endowment that it could offer free tuition to all students and still make profit on the interest .	that money is used to pay staff and faculty and to fund research and renovations . they're not just greedy bastards .
2 well , the money is also used to * overpay * a lot of people , if we are to compare salaries across the board . yes , the money	you know what . if they are being paid out of an endowment that earns so much interest that they don't need to charge tuition and they'd still profit ,

1 the personal bodyguards of the byzantine emperor were primarily scandinavians and anglo-saxons . they comprised the " varangian guard " which was also an elite unit of the byzantine army	legend has is that many of harold's surviving housecarls after hastings fled to constantinople and joined the varangian guard rather than submit to william .
2 harald hardada , whom harold goodwinson defaeted earlier the same year at the battle of stamford bridge , had been a leader in the varangian guard before he seized power	have never heard that before . that's an awesome tidbit .

1 the washington wizards were originally called the washington bullets and changed their name because of the high crime rate in d . c .	the bullets changed to the wizards in 1997 , how old are you 16 ?
2 25 , i'm also surprised at all the people not wanting to change the redskins name if they easily changed the basketball team's name less than 20 years ago	the redskins have been around a lot longer than the bullets . but even then a lot of people didn't like the bullets name change .

1 michael keaton vetoed michelle pfeiffer playing vicki vale in tim burton's batman as they had previously been in a relationship and he thought it too awkward . she would later	so the better actress went on to get the better job . everything worked out .

1 because a large number of black males are unable to shave without severe irritation , domino's was found in violation of the 1991 civil rights act by requiring all their	i have a beard because i get razor burn like crazy ! i'm glad that my job allows and sometimes encourages beards ( no shave november ) . if i

1 north korea has a " three generations of punishment " system , where individuals found guilty of a crime are sent to the labour camps with their entire family.the subsequent	i guess i can see how that would be effective . " do you love your family ? " " yes . " " then don't fuck up ... or

1 kevin carter committed suicide 3 months after winning the pulitzer prize for a photograph of a starving toddler being stalked by a vulture	why didnt he just take his winnings and buy jetskis with them ? that would have cheered him up some ! :D

1 famous mathematician paul erdos was once challenged to quit taking amphetamines for one month by a concerned friend . he succeeded , but complained " you've showed me i'm not	i've been lucky enough to meet the guy in 1988 , quite a character :-)
2 > quite a character :-) that means sex .	lol , not that i know of , but he showed a lot of interest for the academic interests of a leggy girl ( the daughter of a teacher )

1 in the houston oilers final year , despite an 8-8 record , attendance was so low that you could actually hear conversations taking place on the field .	almost like a marlins or astros home game . i live in houston , and i went to go see an astros vs reds game last summer . it was

1 the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints purchased advertisements in many playbills for the musical " the book of mormon " , with phrases like " the book is	> the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints why not just " jesuits " ?
2 because " jesuit " refers to a completely different christian group ( the society of jesus , a catholic religious order ) .	wow , how did i screw that one up ? i'm dumb . have no idea how i got so confused .

1 ozzy osbourne's entire genome has been analyzed by scientists to determine how he survived decades of extreme drug abuse .	and ! ? ! what did they find ?
2 satan . lots of satan .	yes , [ satan ] ( http://imgur.com/6d9jL ) .

1 laurence fishburne cut all ties with his daughter after she started doing hardcore porn .	for those interested , and very nsfw , http://video.xnxx.com/video1145142/chippy_d_sextape_part_1_
2 i will be back for this later ..	this is a tag for tonight ! upvote for being the host .

1 valerian is a powerful cat attractant , and i learned this when i had to peel my tripping cat off the curtains after she found my stress relief pills .	my chemistry teacher told us that when he was a student , they would pour some valerian acid under the bedroom window of a particular unpopular chemistry professor and "

1 there was a controversial seinfeld episode that was never filmed due to its dark subject matter ; the cast began rehearsing , but upon learning the script involved elaine purchasing	early seinfeld was weird . anyone remember where kramer had the fantasy about jerry being shot by the cable tv police ?

1 the rolls royce merlin v12 aviation engine created so much thrust from the exhaust , engineers were able to angle the exhaust backwards to gain 10 mph in the spitfire	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4FMP9crlA7w heres a modern unlimited hydroplane race boat that uses one . capable of over 200mph . they ran these for decades in the unlimited hydros before everything moved to
2 there was a videogame based on this . anyone remember what it was called ? originally an arcade game .	jetmoto

1 actor cillian murphy converted to atheism after researching his role as a nuclear physicist in the sci-fi film " sunshine "	if aliens walk among us , cillian murphy and amanda seyfried are said aliens .

1 the french philosopher voltaire said , " canada [ is ] a country covered with snows and ices eight months of the year , inhabited by barbarians , bears and	ah voltaire , you were awesome , but you could also be a bit of a dick .

1 when local pagans were angered by a giant figure of homer simpson that was painted next to the cerne abbas giant in dorset , uk as a publicity stunt for	nuh-uh . you piss off a buddhist and you've done something worthy of praise . it's nigh on impossible .
2 the rohingya boat people are boat people , because they've managed to piss off the buddhists somehow .	what is this from and why can't i access it within the deep recesses of my mind ?

1 during ww2 a mix of high explosive and flour was given to guerrillas fighting the japanese . codenamed ' aunt jemima ' , it could be safely cooked into pancakes	this could give a whole new meaning to explosive diarrhea
2 serious question : would someone who eat a lot of these pancakes have poop that could still be used as explosive ? or would digestion kill all the nitrates ?	that's what is known as ' dropping a bomb ' .

1 boeing didn't pay any taxes between 2008-2010 despite making $ 9.8 b in profits , instead receiving tax rebates of $ 178m , laying off 14,862 workers , and increasing	who was in office again ?

1 after the american revolution , 14,000 loyalists fled to western nova scotia . they were treated poorly by the existing population , so loyalists pressed for the creation of a	worst province in canada . affectionately known as " the drive-through province " .
2 as a new brunswick resident i was going to reply with " apparently you've never been to ... " , but i couldn't think of another province to say .	i feel your pain . before having visited manitoba , i would have said it was on par with nb but now , having been there , i have to
3 don't get me wrong , i've been to every province except saskatchewan and i still love it here . i just can't think of any reason i would rank it	it's a mighty fine axe .

1 " i want jobs to go to the ethnically british " ... you mean all these people ? right ? riiiiight ?	i guess the point is that ethnically ' british people ' come from many different backgrounds ...

1 pistol dueling with wax bullets was a popular pastime in the early 20th century and even featured as a sport in the 1908 summer olympics	you can also load bullets with foam earplugs instead of wax and it apparently works decently https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lo-y3lC5864
2 those weren't foam earplugs though	context : idiot huffpo correspondent tweeted a picture of " rubber bullets " on the ground during the ferguson riots . they were ear plugs .
3 i love the huffpo gun articles ... even the contributor that calls himself " the gun guy " gets corrected all the times in the comment section , i've done	51 % rule ?

1 there was no winner for the " who shot mr . burns " contest on the simpsons . the contest rules said that a winner would be selected from the	had a friend who had said that he knew , and his other friends confirmed it . his reasoning was who could wrestle with mr burns and not win ,
2 well my friends uncle works for nintendo	dude my dad owns a dealership .

1 approximately 8 % of all rams ( male sheep ) exhibit an exclusive sexual preference for other rams and this preference is linked to a decreased volume of a particular	* rams * tee hee .

1 bill belichick , ne patriots coach , is the only present day coach not in the madden games because he is not a member of the coaches association which licenses	always wondered why he wasn't in them .
2 thinking back ... yeah , he wasn't . why didn't i ever question this ! ?	i only realized in madden 25 ... i just assumed most coaches were like that since i only played as the pats and skipped over the opening cutscenes .

1 obsidian is one of the earliest materials used for knife blades . 2.6 million years latter surgeons still use obsidian for scalpels as it is sharper than any other material	the title is a little misleading and assuming , but it is really interesting to read about .

1 , that masi oka , most notably remembered for his portrayal of hiro nakamura in heroes , was a digital effects artist on films like star wars , terminator ,	i swear i read somewhere he has an iq of 180something

1 audie murphy , when asked after the war why he had seized the machine gun of a burning m10 tank destroyer and taken on an entire company of german infantry	this guy is the definition of american courage and valor ... this is what the world needs more of today
2 courage and valor . " american " is a completely meaningless qualifier .	so ... patriotism isn't okay ?
3 apparently you people require me to explain my point : > this is what the world needs more of today refers to > american courage and valor i'm saying what	you sound grumpy .

1 during the filming of the newest resident evil film , when a platform collapsed , 16 people were injured , and the emts had a difficult time distinguishing actual injuries	michelle rodriquez came back from the dead after being turned into a zombie and shot in the head in the first resident evil . cast continuity wtf
2 paul w . s . anderson just wants an excuse to have hot women to try and boost ticket sales .	... then why michelle rodriguez ?

1 george washington warned the american public of four things in his farewell address : sectionalism , political factions , national debt and foreign influence .	if you're american and didn't know this already then fuck you

1 prominent science fiction author h . g . wells enjoyed playing with toy soldiers , and was the first to draft rules for wargames involving the toys , hoping that	he would have loved warhammer 40k .
2 no , he wouldn't have . he would probably hate everything about it .	well i'm glad you were able to convince yourself with so much certainty .

1 the grey affected roger ebert so much , he walked out of his next scheduled screening . " it was the first time i've ever walked out of a film	i really liked that film . i don't know why it wasn't more widely spoken about
2 i think it's generally appreciated , but not overly so . it's definitely joe carnahan's best .	> it's definitely joe carnahan's best . idk if i'd say " definitely , " that kind of makes it sound like nothing else he's done is really close .
3 that's fine , narc is one of his i haven't seen yet , and tbh likely wasn't until now .	it's very bleak , dark and incredibly tense like the grey so i'm sure you'll enjoy it !

1 brittany murphy died of pneumonia ( and drugs ) as did her husband a year later . the cause of this coincidence is unknown but is believed to be due	whothefuckis brittany murphy ?

1 buckfast tonic wine ( 15 % abv ) contains the caffeine equivalent of six cups of coffee and , among other things , accounted for 5,638 crimes in three years	buckfast of champions .

1 the pilot episode of lost was so expensive ( ~ $ 14million ) that the network president was fired for greenlighting it .	braun wasn't just the network president who greelit it , the whole show was his idea
2 um ... the whole show was jj abrams idea .	no it wasnt . the original show was a survivor / cast away type drama called lost . other than that the entire concept of the pilot / first season

1 the ' shave and a haircut ' tune is really offensive in mexico .	you can sing something like chinga tu madre ( fuck you ) ... at the rhythm of that melody . every mexican understands that

1 during the 2008 world hops shortage , the samuel adams brewery sold 108 craft breweries their excess hops , at cost , to help prevent them from going under .	ha . i instantly thought of dumb and dumber . " here , take my extra hops , my ipa is getting too bitter " " you had extra hops

1 one of the originally pitched names for hannah montana was alexis texas .	it's hilarious how all of us knows what this means

1 after the muhammed cartoons controversy , an iranian newspaper launched the ' holocaust cartoon competition ' to denounce " western hypocrisy on freedom of speech " . the danish journalist	thats ridiculous . it should have run . it would have been insensitive and inappropriate , but he had every right to .
2 he was fired for writing an article about something that might have been antisemetic . however in reality he was probably fired because the article was about sarkozy's son .	that's not true . he was fired fired after a radio station claimed it was anti-semetic

1 vampire bats will die if they can't find blood for two nights in a row . luckily , generous well-fed bats will often regurgitate blood to share with others ,	it's an exchange of goods and services .

1 martin scorsese had asthma as a kid , so instead of doing sports , his older brother would often take him to movie theaters and that's how his passion for	* wheeeeeeeze *

1 the united states does not have a standardized measurement for a shot of alcohol ( except in utah )	i bartend at a very strict , high-end , chain restaurant . shots are typically poured at 1 1/4 oz , while mixed drinks allow for no more than 2

1 weird al yankovic has asked permission from prince to parody his songs on numerous occasions , and has always been refused . when the two were assigned to sit in	the lawyers sent this on * a telegram * ? was their passenger pigeon sick ?
2 well , he says in [ this interview ] ( http://www.wired.com/2011/06/weird-al-yankovic-alpocalypse/2/ ) that this incident was in the " 80s or 90s , " meaning that email wasn't common yet	i prefer to imagine that prince now communicates with the outside world solely via his own gold-plated telegraph machine .

1 mr rogers from mister rogers ' neighborhood addressed common childhood fears with songs and skits ; one of his songs explained how a child cannot be pulled down the bathtub	mister rogers was the best . i learned so much from him , it's a shame his show isn't on tv anymore . i thoroughly believe that his show not
2 * " what is happening to our young people ? they disrespect their elders , they disobey their parents . they ignore the law . they riot in the streets	/ r / lewronggeneration

1 4chan tracked down the identity of a cat abuser after the 14 y / o uploaded a video on youtube resulting in his arrest	4chan eats a lot of shit but as soon as you start fucking with cats they get pretty angry .
2 just look at [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/XIQkq3E.png ) for example . they may hate people but they sure love cats .	is there a collection of these " you choose " posts ? i saw one the other day where a guy cut off his big toe . what the fuck
3 that was fake as hell .	i want to believe ... but where is the evidence that it was fake ? 4chan is fucking crazy .

1 the popular series red vs . blue was captured using an in game glitch ( halo 1 ) that was later recreated ( by bungie ) in halo 2 for	bungie did a lot of things just for the rooster teeth team in future games . i remember they even put an easter egg specificity for the rt team in
2 weren't a bunch of the default local multilayer names on halo 2 " church , " " caboose , " " donut , " etc ?	i refuse to call him private donut .

1 johnny depp would close a club he partially owned on halloween every year because his good friend and fellow actor , river phoenix , collapsed and died in front of	gosh , i remember someone spray painting ' river you still owe me five bucks ' in front of that bar right after he died . people are cold sometimes

1 jesus makes a play on words in the bible ; in the language he spoke peter and rock are the same word	there is a lot of wordplay and even humor in the bible that we miss because we don't read it in the original manuscript's language . my priest likes to

1 both nikola tesla and thomas edison turned down the nobel prize because they refused to share it	what a joke , edison was a scumbag who stole other peoples ideas ( mainly tesla's ) and made money from them . tesla was an actual inventor and all
2 i thought they both had their own ideas about electricity it was just tesla who had the better way to go about delivering electricity to homes ? edison was the	[ nah , edison was a classic american patent whore ] ( http://www.cracked.com/article_16072_5-famous-inventors-who-stole-their-big-idea.html )

1 the tiny white dots you can see when looking at a bright blue sky are actually white blood cells moving in front of the retina .	when i look at a bright blue sky , i see a flower-like shape collapsing in on itself over and over . it's hard to unsee it when i do

1 jehovah's witnesses have falsely predicted the end of the world 20 times .	let's be hones it's not just jehovah's witnesses . every branch of christianity , and practically every other religion has been predicting the end of the world for thousands of
2 while you're correct , people too often fail to turn that lens of derision on themselves . notice the main targets of reddit . jw's , mormons , scientologists .	yep . i'm an atheist . they're all pretty much nonsense in my opinion . i find the idea that a cosmic zombie jew can telepathically hear my thoughts is

1 tolkien based his elven languages on welsh	and khazad ( his dwarven language ) is based on hebrew .
2 actually he based khuzdul on the semitic languages , which entails more than just hebrew such as arabic , aramaic , akkadian and phoenician .	oh thats what its called .. khazad is the word " dwarf " i think . but hebrew , arabic , ect .. theyre all jews when it comes down

1 show producers gave a homeless man $ 100,000 to do what he wants ; within 6 months he had nearly spent all the money , and he eventually went broke	bums night out ! !

1 during the rugby world cup final a new zealand player had his scrotum torn open level a testicle exposed in a tackle that also cost him 4 teeth . he	bring back buck !

1 there's a giant hole called the devil ’ s kettle that swallows half a river and no one has any idea where it goes . over the years , researchers	i've had half a river coming in on the far left side of my livingroom for as long as i've lived here , never was able to figure out where

1 thirty one years ago today , terry fox took his first step in his marathon of hope	perfect time for my favourite tasteless joke : q : how do you kill a one legged fox ? a : make it run across canada .

1 why there is no homosexual presence in star trek .	what i got out of that article : no gay characters because rick berman is a homophobe .

1 charlie day , who plays charlie on it's always sunny in philadelphia , is married to mary elizabeth ellis , who plays the waitress .	they actually gave e waitress a name in the high school reunion episode ; frank took her name tag and we later found out they ' didn't give her one
2 no the gang had mentioned that they had wrecked nicki potnick's car when they were in high school . i think the school not having her name tag is another	i thought they shot to frank wearing the tag with a look on his face shortly after she mentioned they didn't have her tag ... as for the wrecking her

1 joseph stalin's son shot himself because of stalin's harshness toward him , but survived . after this , stalin said , " he can't even shoot straight . "	the more i hear about this stalin character , the more i think " man , this guy was a real jerk "

1 over 100 waiters were arrested in chicago for poisoning bad tippers .	> four people were arrested and over one hundred waiters taken into custody so only four people were arrested , the " over one hundred " were merely questioned and
2 i imagine a huge line up waiters , with one witness asking the waiter to repeat the phrase , and what would like for desert	" poison , of course "

1 due to the speed of its orbit and rotation , mercury's days are longer than its years .	europa , one of jupiter's moons , has both an orbital and rotational period of 3.55 days , which means that it has a side which always faces jupiter and

1 chloroform isn't good for kidnapping - it takes at least five minutes of inhaling an item soaked in chloroform to render a person unconscious	thanks for the heads up . what should i use instead ?
2 hit them in the back of the head really hard , or a horse tranquilizer in a syringe . if you can find one of those epi-pen syringes , those	unless you can actually hit a large vein on the fly , even massive doses of intramuscular ketamine ( what i'm assuming you are thinking of as a " horse
3 what if you use a really big needle ?	i would think it would just increase your chances of poking yourself with it .

1 a roman dictator , cincinnatus , was made a dictator while he was plowing his fields . after saving rome from rival tribes , he humbly returned to his farm	very good example against career politicians

1 a german study found women cry on average between 30 and 64 times a year , and men cry on average between 6 and 17 times per year .	> men cry on average between 6 and 17 times per year . hmm , seems like an obscene amount of weeping to me . perhaps they were tears of
2 i let some tears out during the national anthem yesterday , shit was amazing	[ you're in good company ] ( http://imgur.com/UYQzQxX )
3 that is a glorious tear . look how much fucking liquid comes out just all at once ! god damn . it's like his eyeballs just came .	that was some manly tears

1 jackie chan is a trained opera singer and has released 20 albums	just watched [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gmv3NR-G0U4 ) of him singing some songs in english , was way better than i expected when it gets to " can't help

1 president nixon also used the irs to harrass his political enemies	the admission about the irs targeting conservative groups is simply to keep reddit not talking about benghazi and start not talking about this ... duh !

1 the first native american who met the pilgrims at plymouth colony walked into their encampment and greeted them in english .	the charlie brown thanksgiving special was right ! when my kid asked whether or not this was true i can now go from a " meh ... i don't know

1 the song " bodies " ( a . k . a . " let the bodies hit the floor " ) by drowning pool was used during interrogations in the	for ten days ? ! what the fuck

1 there is a beer pipeline in germany	doesn't russia have a vodka pipeline ?

1 jason lee divorced , and cut off all contact with , his first wife after she read an anti-scientology book	i watched * going clear * the other day . pretty depressing , scary , damning , but not much new information . lots of confirmation of stuff that has

1 dave mustaine , megadeth singer / guitarist , had to re-teach his left hand how to play guitar in 2002 . he was diagnosed with radial neuropathy after falling asleep	i'm doubting he just " feel asleep "

1 jack johnson ( the first ever african american heavyweight boxing champion ) was pulled over for a $ 50 speeding ticket , but he gave the officer $ 100 telling	that didn't work so well for the ' hurricane " .

1 walmart paid employees of " walmart de mexico " in company scrip vouchers usable only at walmart stores until a court ruling in 2008 .	people were * not * forced to work there . don't just blame walmart for it . only idiots would willingly work like this .
2 retard .	so much insight . crawl back to your basement .

1 in 1964 an israeli spy convinced the syrians to plant trees near military fortifications so that their soldiers had some shelter against the sun . the israeli's used those trees	it's true , they even teach that in schools . source : i am israeli .
2 what age / year ? i was in school till the start of כיתה וו and i don't remember learning about this .	you were there until grade two ? that doesn't seem like something they would teach second graders .
3 vav is the sixth letter of the hebrew alphabet .	that isn't a vuv . it looks like the roman numeral ii but smaller .

1 clint eastwood was offered the role of james bond but turned it down because he believed the character should be played by an english actor .	clint eastwood has class .

1 martin sheen has been arrested 66 times for protesting and acts of civil disobedience	martin sheen's real name ..

1 there is a ghost town in pennsylvania that has been on fire since 1962 , and it may burn for over 250 years !	you didn't know about centralia ? some of you people living in the city need to get out of the city more often .

1 apple used ' carl sagan ' as a codename for a computer in the 1990s . carl sagan sent apple a cease-and-desist letter , and apple changed the name to	apple used to be a eccentric oddball full of nerds . funny how it grew up to become probably what 1990s apple hated most about corporations
2 what was that saying ? " either you die young , or live long enough to see yourself being the bad guy "	only the good die young .

1 bill nye the science guy was a student of carl sagan at cornell	so ? lot's of people were .

1 benjamin wilson , a wounded korean war vet , rose from his stretcher to kill 33 chinese in a one-man assault . after his rifle was wrestled from his hands	finish them ! ! !

1 when macaroni and cheese's ingredients became widely accessible in north america , the fancy upperclass restaurants stopped serving it .	doesn't explain why ihop only gives mac and cheese off the kids menu and not to a willingly paying slightly wasted adult . 12 and under my ass you fuckin
2 are you still drunk ?	he was sitting in ihop while posting it .

1 for the film dogma , kevin smith warned jason mewes that he needed to be on point due to the involvement of " real actors , " such as alan	noise noise noise noise smoking weed smoking weed doing coke drinking beers

1 russia and usa are only 3.8 km apart at the nearest point	hence sarah palin's vast amount of foreign policy experience .
2 she had a helluva lot more than a senator from illinois .	when looking at the resumes of mccain and obama it's laughable that they were looking for the same job .

1 roger ebert said the 2004 film national treasure was " so silly that the monty python version could use the same screenplay , line for line . "	nat treasure is the ultimate safe movie . it's thanksgiving and your entire family including kids is there and you want a movie , nat treasure has you covered .
2 i think it's a good movie , what i mean by good is it is entertaining , but won't win any awards . like right now with jurassic world .	i feel the same way , i was moderately disappointed with jworld . i'll never seek it out , but in a few years when it's on tv or netflix

1 the 1980 film " the blues brothers " - filled with over-the-top car chases filmed in and around chicago - cost almost as much to make as " the empire	worth it .

1 ancient russians would duel bears in close combat	don't they still do this ?

1 seagulls can drink saltwater , since they have special glands which filter out the salt .	here's the plan : gather up as many seagulls as we possibly can , because fuck seagulls , right ? take their filtering glands . process ocean water through said

1 the deepest note mankind has ever detected is a b ♭ that is 57 octaves below middle c . the sound is made by inflating plasma bubbles in the center	we wouldn't actually perceive this as a musical note . the range of human hearing is approximately 20hz - 20khz , and this is well , well , below this

1 elmo has been called the " little red menace " by sesame street purists because he takes screen time away from other beloved characters .	grover for the win . forever and always .
2 what are your thoughts on " super grover 2.0 " ?	what is this of which you speak ?
3 super grover 2.0 is grover's super hero . he has his own segment on the show now and rarely is just grover . this tag line is " he shows	i have not seen an episode in years . will check him out .

1 to be a london black cab driver , one is expected to know over 25,000 roads and 50,000 points of interest and pass a test called " the knowledge "	itt : people who have never got a cab in london before . a human with extensive local knowledge =/ = a gps edit : i said it in the
2 i'm afraid you're going to have to explain	" can you take me to london bridge ? ... no , this is the wrong london bridge ! i meant the other one , the one that opens "

1 washington state is the only state in the united states where assisted suicide , same-sex marriage , and cannabis use are all legal .	it's also legal to challenge people to fisticuffs as phoenix jones shows http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lVLvAOsX95M
2 are you telling me there is a super hero living in washington who can legally go around fighting criminals ? this is awesome .	yawn ...

1 the netherlands sends 20,000 tulips to canada each year as thanks for their aid during world war ii .	actually , when i went on a school trip , they explained that the reason why they do that is because while they were living in canada , the princess
2 hold up : dutch people need to be born in the netherlands to be dutch ? regardless of their parents ' nationality ? that seems somewhat dangerous , seeing how	no , i think she had to be born there to get her royal title .

1 : in ethiopia , marriage by abduction and often forced pregnancy accounts for 69 % of the nation's " marriages " .	> ... marriage by abduction and often * * forced pregnancy * * ... sorry but i've heard you can't get pregnant that way , because " a woman's body
2 yes , just like adrenaline rushes can cause someone to lift a car with ease . unfortunately , it doesn't always work when we want or need it ... in	i'm guessing you don't follow us politics much . it was a joke about something an ignorant politician said .
3 lol . should have guessed . us politicians can be a goldmine of hilarious statements ...	yeah , hilarious if you don't have to live with them ruining things . we've got some real idiots .

1 show producers gave a homeless man $ 100,000 to do what he wants ; within 6 months he had nearly spent all the money , and he eventually went broke	perfect illustration of : " give a man a fish , feed him for a day . teach a man how to fish , feed him for a lifetime "
2 or you know : perfect example of 90 % of people being homeless for more than 30 days suffer from mental health issues and / or addiction and money /	this is a really important point but it's not true for this individual - before he got the money he had a full psych screening and was tested for drug

1 in gaelic ireland having long hair was expected of men , their long hair was considered very important , and short hair was considered selling out to the english	also pants the english forced pants on us those bastards ...

1 the us postal service still uses mule trains to deliver to 2 places : supai and phantom ranch , arizona	they even have a special stamp when you send mail from the bottom . here's one example i found : http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_Bz7a4GwsZAw/SyLwaLJ7VzI/AAAAAAAARVw/q7xcqkySBcg/s320/USA_20091201_01.jpg if you have the opportunity to go , do
2 wow , need to go there i think and send some postcards back home to scotland . + 1 bucket list	greetings friends . come visit me .

1 hershey's chocolate is flavored with sour-tasting butyric acid , which also gives vomit its aroma . this is why people unaccustomed to american chocolate sometimes compare it to vomit .	does this go into all their chocolate ? i've never been a fan of their milk chocolate but their dark i could eat by the truckload . i even like

1 at the height of shirley temple's popularity there was a rumor that she was not a child , but a 30 - year-old dwarf . the rumor was so prevalent	why would the vatican care ? i'm a catholic and this is just making me crack up .
2 i was wondering the same thing . she wasn't even catholic .	that's the real wtf . like , what authority do they have ? " i'm from the vatican and i'm here to investigate your little girl movie star . "
3 the vatican was , and often still is , called upon to be an impartial third party in various disputes , from full on wars , to dwarf actresses .	barack obama explicitly thanked pope francis for helping broker the recent deal with cuba .

1 : an individual horse has a peak power output of 14.9 horsepower	bonus til for you : > a healthy human can produce about 1.2 hp briefly ... and sustain about 0.1 hp indefinitely ; trained athletes can manage up to about
2 i want to meet the motherfucker who can match 1/3 rd a horse over several hours .	there are stories of men out running horses over extreme distance by being capable of a constant pace . a horse needs a fair amount of food and water to

1 the population of detroit is now less than half of what it was in 1940 . main reasons include high levels of crime and the failure of the automobile industry	you learned this ... today ?

1 frank sinatra's mother ran an illegal abortion business from her home .	ain't that a kick in the uterus .

1 the german wwi ace pilot manfred von richthofen , better known as the red barron , was buried by the allies with full military honors .	he wasn't a terrible person . he liked flying , tried to not kill his foes , taught his squad to not kill and let the enemy land , wasn't
2 especially considering that this was wwi , it's pretty hard to point to one country and call them the " bad guys " of that war . the whole thing	germany got pulled into ww1 just like everyone else , they just got the short end of the stick when it ended .
3 which totally sucks since that caused wwii .	world war i never ended , the treaty of versailles guaranteed it to never end .

1 today i learned that the price of admission for a zoo in 18th century england was a dog or a cat - - they were fed to the lions .	holy ... can you imagine the disny movie , similar to 101 dalmatians , with this set as its back drop ?
2 season pass .	no , just slightly over 3 months . ah ok , maybe you are right .

1 a ca man driving in an hov lane claimed the articles of incorporation of his business , which had been placed unbuckled on the driver ’ s seat , constituted	thats bullshit . if it counts as a person for anything , it should for everything . that is common sense .
2 no law or court ruling anywhere , including citizen's united , has said that corporations are people . the implication of citizen's united is that individuals have rights . and	you are too rational for reddit . please take your analysis elsewhere .

1 wtf ! belgiums jupiler league is fucked up	this is what happens when you dont have a government .

1 nikola tesla never slept for more than 2 hours , remained abstinent , and had extreme ocd	issac newton died a virgin as well .
2 so will i .	why ?
3 no torso .	that'll do it .

1 ronald mcdonald is called donald mcdonald in japan	i'm somewhat surprised that japan doesn't call him something like * super happy fun burger clown man . *
2 * bulgel edit : you do understand that ronald is not an option because of the " r " ? therefore they use " d " in this case .	actually , the japanese can't use the r or l sound very effectively , so the sound they use is a ' flap ' ( think " butter " vs

1 singer chris brown appeared in court in 2012 with his lawyer regarding his probation after assaulting rihanna . brown attempted to address the court but was interrupted by his lawyer	if kanye ever gets to court , the judge should totally interrupt him by saying : " sorry , kanye , i'ma let you finish , but you get the
2 i know i will get downvoted but dae hate kanye ?	downvoting only for the " i know i will get downvoted " part
3 this	jesus christ guys . ironic shitposting is still shitposting , didn't you learn that from big brother 4chan ?

1 there is a massive rain forest in iran	pics : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caspian_Hyrcanian_mixed_forests
2 sometimes i don't think people realize just how effing beautiful the middle east & surrounding areas are .	people are held sway by popular media

1 joe montana sang back-up vocals on several huey lewis and the news songs , including " hip to be square "	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V9urtNIuvlQ

1 transgender prisoners in the usa are housed according to their birth gender regardless of their current appearance or gender identity . even transgender women with breasts may be locked up	maybe i'm getting old and conservative but i don't believe you can change your gender anymore than you can change your race . you can't change from a man to
2 or maybe you were always stupid and age has nothing to do with it . stop being stupid . because you can't stop aging .	sounds like a bumper sticker .
3 we can get rich off this ...	yes the love of money doesn't discriminate . since i contributed the ideas that lead to this nugget , i'll take 30 % . you take 65 % and we'll

1 when manfred von richtofen ( the red baron ) was shot down and killed in 1918 , the british army gave him a full military funeral , complete with clergy	its frustrating as an australian to always have our actions in ww1 \ 2 being called british . it was australian forces that gave him a full military funeral .
2 canadian here ; i know that feel , bro . " commonwealth " is okay to use in some cases	well why don't you guys grow some balls and declare independence ! ! ! i kid . you did it the polite way . i love you guys .
3 > you did it the polite way . would you expect canada to do it any other way ?	" as an australian "

1 shakuntala devi , an indian mental calculator , was asked to give the 23rd root of a 201 - digit number ; she answered in 50 seconds . her answer	real life example of a [ mentat ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mentat )
2 that's what i was thinking . now we just need to perfect interstellar travel .	seriously why are we still not capable of ftl with these kind of people in the world

1 as part of the war on drugs , the us regularly sprays herbicides over the jungles of central and south america , killing food crops and drug crops alike .	the older i get , the more my own country sickens me . if some other country were doing that to us , it'd be war !

1 in " a . i . artificial intelligence " , child actor haley joel osment suggested to steven spielberg that to portray an android well he shouldn't blink . osment	did he also suggest to spielberg that they should make the audience roll on the floor and cry like little bitches ? that's what i did .
2 me too	me too . but only because spielberg ruined an otherwise potential kubrick masterpiece . rip stanley .
3 which parts of the movie were ruined by spielberg ?	turn it off when you see the glacier . * * edit : * * i see you downvoting me , mr . spielberg ...

1 the process of getting torn apart by a black hole is called spaghettification	if you liked learning that , read neil degrasse tyson's " death by black hole " .

1 in 1975 , a 15 - year-old girl was beaten to death , with the primary suspects in the murder being kennedy-cousins thomas and michael skakel . although michael skakel	ahh , the kennedys . the american left's favorite group of mafia-deal-making murdering cheating sociopaths .
2 you left out " pill-popping drunks " .	i'm so sorry !

1 the use of pepper spray in war is banned by the chemical weapons convention .	but ok to spray us with in training .

1 the african king / queen parents in coming to america are the same actor and actress as the african king / queen parents in the lion king .	their son ? voiced by a white guy .

1 when laura bush was 17 , she ran a stop sign and hit / killed her ex-boyfriend . she was not charged .	pretty sure matthew broderick killed someone back in the 80 ' s .
2 he killed a mother and daughter in ireland when he lost control of his car because he was getting head from the girl who plays his sister in ferris buellers	i've heard pretty much every aspect to this story many times and from numerous sources . i've never anywhere heard the cause attributed to him being distracted by getting his

1 when the 2013 government shutdown threatened the closing down of a national program giving medical attention and meals to children , john d . arnold donated $ 10 million of	the thumbnail is of john kerry which , a 0 matches search for " kerry " in this thread reveals , is something apparently confusing only to me ?

1 bill hader often breaks into laughter while performing " stefon " because snl writer john mulaney will change lines on him , leaving hader to read the outlandish jokes for	one of the things i love about bill hader is when he breaks character to laugh . the californians still cracks me up . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NbxihR3C-Hk
2 the californians is hands-down my favorite snl bit .	whuduryoodoinurr ? ! ? !

1 " good will hunting " was going to be a kevin smith film until he declined , saying they needed a good director .	but image the scene with jay and silent bob hanging out at the unsolvable equation at mit .

1 an identity thief stole the identity of a surgeon and while aboard a navy destroyer was tasked with performing several life saving surgeries . he proceeded to memorize a medical	from the wiki , it seems he actually did the work of studying for his various positions and just used a borrowed identity to do them .

1 : treasure hunters had to turn over $ 500,000 , 000 worth of sunken treasure , including 17 tons of silver coins , to spain .	the fuck .

1 eleanor roosevelt had an aversion to sexual intercourse , and considered it " an ordeal to be endured "	well then , good thing they both had girlfriends .
2 big dyke ! huge dyke . a real rug muncher . looked like a big lesbian mule .	apparently no one here has seen wedding crashes .

1 dave chappelle converted to islam in 1998 . he said , " i don ’ t normally talk about my religion publicly because i don ’ t want people to	i love how all of the upvoted comments are the ones talking about how bigoted reddit is .

1 christopher nolan's interstellar is the only film in the top 10 worldwide box office of 2014 to be wholly original--not a reboot , remake , sequel , or part of	i can't fucking wait for interstellar 2

1 the dalai lama supports gay rights , and once said , " if two males or two females voluntarily agree to have mutual satisfaction without further implication of harming others	so ? why does his opinion matter ?
2 he wears glasses ? people who wear glasses are smart .	pol pot had similar assumptions
3 and he was relatively successful in life !	more so than some other dictators of his generation .

1 , bananas are legitimate berries	as opposed to illegitimate berries ? like ... ham ?

1 the actor playing grand moff tarkin wore slippers during his scenes in star wars	a sweet man ... but don't piss him [ off ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iVPt4EMino4&feature=player_detailpage#t=370s ) !

1 male ants do not have fathers because unfertilized eggs become males while fertilized eggs become females	hey , has anyone called these ants bastards yet ?

1 some radar detectors use radar detector detector detectors to detect radar detector detectors to prevent detection	yo dawg ...

1 frank zappa's grammy-winning album " jazz from hell " received a parental advisory sticker even though it is a collection of instrumental pieces and contains no lyrics at all	strange how politicians blame rap music for inciting violence to kids , but hollywood movies contains guns on 3 out of 4 posters and are never blamed for glamorising guns

1 richard dean anderson was made an honorary air force brigadier general for his role as jack o'neil on stargate sg - 1 .	now i want to rewatch all of sg - 1
2 watching it for the first time now . i'm on the second season . damn is it good .	you have atlantis to watch after , not as good as sg - 1 but still good . you can make up your own mind about universe if you so
3 universe is the one that was canceled ?	you can actually watch atlantis concurrently with sg1 somewhere around season 7 of sg1 someone please correct me if i am wrong .

1 in order to test the " shock value " of the corpse featured in " psycho " , hitchcock placed it inside janet leigh's dressing room and listened to how	this is rather strange , since janet leigh's character is killed well before we see the corpse .

1 there was a cancelled sequel to the film " gladiator , " written by nick cave , where maximus is reincarnated in rome , wwii , vietnam , and the	there was a series of novels i read when i was a kid that was similar to this . basically the soldier that speared christ on the cross was doomed
2 you're talking about the casca series !	i used to read this series . always thought it would be a good movie .

1 the artificial sweetener sucralose ( splenda ) was discovered when a researcher misheard a command to " test this chemical " as " taste this chemical " .	good thing it wasn't sulfuric acid

1 in 1914 henry ford doubled his worker's wages out of pocket , causing wages to rise competitively nation wide . he profited as sales increased now that many more americans	he also invaded his employee's private lives to see if they drank alcohol at night amongst other things . he was obsessed with efficiency and could demand more efficiency for
2 he also was a pretty royal shithead to his son , forced americanization ( not a word ) classes on immigrants , and had his inspectors make sure you didn't	> had his inspectors make sure you didn't have anything unpure in your mom wat .
3 i hope he meant " home "	talk about invasive searches ...

1 in the case of a female president , the male spouse is described as first gentleman .	... duh ?

1 when he was 7 , vin diesel and some friends broke into a new york theater with intentions to vandalize it . instead of calling the police , the theater's	too fast or not too furious ...

1 the outer space treaty , signed by all major space faring nations , prohibits claiming territory in space or on celestial bodies . space is considered " the shared heritage	we find a way to actually profit from it . once we can find a way to monetize bringing or doing anything with these places , people will find ways

1 philadelphia's mayors were initially unpaid , and often strongly objected to being selected - sometimes opting to pay a large fine rather than serve .	it makes perfect sense . the position was one of civic duty , not a means for accumulating wealth and power . if there is no money involved , those
2 then how do you make a living as a mayor if you don't get paid ?	back in the day many political positions were part-time , their income always came from another source .

1 chloroform isn't good for kidnapping - it takes at least five minutes of inhaling an item soaked in chloroform to render a person unconscious	is there such a thing that does actually work like you see in the movies ?
2 not really . the reason anesthesiologists get paid so much is because it's really hard to knock someone out for a set amount of time and then wake him up	annoys me so much when i see sleeping darts used as a plot device .

1 washington state is the only state in the united states where assisted suicide , same-sex marriage , and cannabis use are all legal .	i moved here for college . shouts out to evergreen state ! always greeeeen ... mannnnn

1 the chinese government encouraged two basketball players ( a 7ft man and 6 ' 3 " woman ) to marry and produce a child who would become a dominant athlete	he also has a 5 year old sister . i bet she looks up to him .
2 yeah , but she's always living in his shadow .	she's not half the person her brother is .

1 corn nuts are made by soaking whole kernels in water for three days , then deep-frying them in oil until they are hard and brittle . albert holloway came up	> " as they were particularly tasty with beer . " they gave them away for free because they were salty as hell and made you want another beer to
2 yeah , " particularly tasty with beer " is more or less the same as saying " not tasty at all " .	what ? do you not believe that some foods and drinks go well together ? or that anything that " goes well with beer " is just not tasty ?

1 john cena has granted over 250 make-a-wish foundation wishes , the most of any person in history .	say what you want about john cena , wrestling , etc . , but guys like him really are heroes that brighten up a lot of people's lives . i

1 the usa has provided nuclear weapons for belgium , germany , italy , the netherlands , and turkey to deploy and store but they cannot arm the bombs without authorization	just put in " 000 000 000 000 " and fire away .

1 the 2008 film ' rambo ' provided a huge morale boost to the karen freedom fighters in burma , who even adopted dialogue from the movie ( most notably "	never myanmar . it will always be burma for me .

1 men's clothes button left over right to prevent our swords from snagging , and women's clothes are opposite to make it easier for their right-handed servants to button	huh ... that had always bugged me actually

1 at one time the us army used color blind people to spot camouflage colors that fooled those with normal color vision	i have deuteranopia . but in the wikipedia article this is linked to , i see the " rainbow of colors as viewed by a person with no color deficiencies

1 weezer's second album ' pinkerton ' was voted the 3rd worst album of the year by rolling stone readers in 1996 . six years later it was voted the 16th	if awards like the oscars and the grammy were given to movies and music made ten years ago , the winners would be a lot different .
2 there's actually a group called 20/20 awards that give out awards for the movies made 20 years ago . here are the nominations from the year 1993 that they chose	that was interesting . i can't believe tommy lee jones won for the fugitive .

1 knots as a unit of measuring speed came ships throwing overboard a line with a board attached and counting how many knots passed through their fingers in 30 seconds .	i learned it differently ... i thought they had knots on a rope that they just tossed overboard and dragged behind the boat . the faster the boat goes the
2 at least you were in the ballpark . i learned it reading a novel in the kydd series , set in the early 1800s .	i love that series . my grandad gave me the first one for my 11th / 12th birthday and i just ignored it . picked it up a few years

1 because a large number of black males are unable to shave without severe irritation , domino's was found in violation of the 1991 civil rights act by requiring all their	super curly hair + close shave = ingrown hairs .
2 as a black man who needs to shave i've found one weird trick to prevent razor bumps . the day after shaving , take a towel , roll it up	i had a buddy that used deodorant on his neck right after shaving .

1 the african king / queen parents in coming to america are the same actor and actress as the african king / queen parents in the lion king .	yes ! fuck you too !
2 people always look at me funny when i interject " [ sexual chocolate ! ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fOk_1ZeSBe0 ) " at inappropriate times .	i belieeeeeeeeeeve the children are our future .

1 dwayne johnson comes from the anoaʻi family , a samoan family that includes over 16 professional wrestlers .	not just " professional wrestlers , " many of them were quite famous . high chief peter maivia , rocky johnson , yokozuna , umaga , rikishi are all very
2 dwayne johnson also started his career in wwf as rocky maivia , a combination of the first two people you named .	started his career as flex kavana and when that persona didn't take off he started his rocky maiavia persona

1 : when weird al yankovic , who is vegan , was asked how he can rationalize performing at events such as the great american rib cook-off , he replied ,	weird al is not vegan . he is a vegetarian . he was on a recent cupcake wars episode where he identified himself as vegetarian , not vegan . this
2 eggs are not meat	it's like the difference between a period , and a fetus . eggs are a hen's period .

1 norway gets 98-99 % of its electricity from hydroelectric power , more than any other country	i wouldn't be proud of having the most % hydro electric dams . it's horribly environmentally destructive . i'd personally rather be known for the most nuclear power plants ;

1 in 1996 oprah winfrey was sued for causing $ 11 million in damages to cattle farmers simply for mentioning that she would not eat another burger after a show about	not an oprah fan by any stretch of the imagination , but this lawsuit looked ridiculously like a slapp to me . ( not that texas has anything civilized like

1 there was a chimpanzee who drank gin and tonics and masturbated to porn	humans are terrible .

1 the tv series captain planet was the first children's show to deal with hiv-aids . the episode involved a villain brainwashed a community , making them think hiv could pass	the voice cast for this is astonishing . am i the only uk fellow unfamiliar with it or am i just too young ?
2 you missed out dude such a great show . the best part was the villains were evil for the sake of evil . for instance some guy wants to make	i want to know who wants fire . i understand that fine , * maybe * fire has some use in ecology , but it really seems pretty destructive over

1 the band " limp bizkit " chose their name to turn away people who judge music by the name of the artist .	they also made their music to turn away people who are a good judge of what is good music .

1 the riaa tried to sue limewire for $ 72 trillion in damages - - an amount of money larger than the entire planet's gdp .	winmx anyone ? to dated ?

1 [ no spoilers ] til that for dragon screams , game of thrones uses the sounds of two tortoises mating	as grrm himself envisioned it .

1 giving cpr while humming " another one bites the dust " keeps your timing correct	or the theme from pippi longstockings

1 indonesia realized dead manta rays are worth $ 500 whereas manta ray tourism brought in $ 1,000 , 000 over the life of a single ray . indonesia is now	kenya realized that the wildlife keeps money coming into their country a few years ago . i was swimming near mombasa a few years ago , in someplace i shouldn't
2 same with costa rica . their government was like " we can actually make more money selling tours of the rainforest to rich americans than we can selling the rainforest	mean while in australia we are destroying the great barrier reef fir a slightly quicker boat port ... sigh

1 for herbie : fully loaded , disney digitally reduced lindsay lohan's breasts by two cup sizes so the film would be more acceptable to family audiences	doesn't look like it to me https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HF6k0FdOuCs

1 the tallest building in wyoming is a 12 - story dorm at the university of wyoming	lived in it !

1 a soldier in world war 1 performed a battlefield-esque maneuver when he fell out of and landed back in his plane whilst attempting a loop	physics at its finest !

1 asbestos in the united states has not been banned and is totally legal . when the environmental protection agency tried to ban it , supporters of the asbestos industry actually	guys i really don't know why so many of you are actually defending asbestos , there is a reason it's been banned in nearly every country , including turkey ,
2 what is your definition of " seriously dangerous " ( in reference to another comment of yours ) ? the modifier " seriously " loses all meaning when people exposed	yeah , the " dumbass . " at the end was completely unnecessary . oh and nice sources for your counter-argument .

1 spaghetti marinara wasn't invented until the new world was discovered , since tomatoes came from the aztecs . before that , pasta was eaten plain with no sauce ... with	but if it weren't for the spaghetti crop discovery , none of this would be possible : http://youtu.be/tVo_wkxH9dU

1 the drummer from the hit 90s band " nirvana " is also the lead singer of the foo fighters	in other news : " there is a moon in the sky . it's called the moon . and everybody is there ! " :)
2 i'm sorry that i didn't know this . no need to mock me . i will not downvote you .	honest question ... how old are you ?

1 the korean soccer player who scored and knocked italy out of the 2002 world cup immediately lost his contract with italian club perugia for ' ruining italian soccer ' .	surely that's unfair dismissal . edit : detroit lions , really ? as a leeds fan , a logo that looks like millwall is annoying .

1 the sun takes up 99.9 % of the mass of the solar system . of the remaining 0.1 % , more than 90 % is the mass of jupiter and	i feel so tiny !

1 if a boeing 747 filled with blu-ray disks flew from new york to los angeles , it would achieve a data transfer rate of over 30,000 gb / s	i shot a terabyte hard drive out of a cannon . do the math on that !

1 william shakespeare's final place of residence , new place , was demolished by the very person who purchased it in 1756 . reverend francis gastrell was frustrated by all the	> in 1756 then-owner reverend francis gastrell , having become tired of visitors , attacked and destroyed a mulberry tree in the garden said to have been planted by shakespeare
2 well , if he's gonna be taxed higher than others ( despite owning this supposed " tourist attraction / historic landmark " which the town profited from ) , i	it doesn't say he was being taxed higher than others . it could be that the property was revalued as needing to pay higher taxes for some reason , like

1 a south african it company preferred to use a pigeon to transport a 4gb flash drive over 80 km ( 50 mi ) instead of using the country's biggest isp's	what if a pigeon gets killed or side tracked ? there's not packet redundancy using birds . also , how many 4gb flash drives can an african swallow carry ?

1 the sexual imagery in alien film was intentional , screenwriter bannon had said about it , " i'm going to attack the men in the audience sexually . i am	are you in my psychology of film class ? this quote came up yesterday .

1 the internet is one of the new seven wonders of the world .	no it's not actually
2 well , it is what it is > in november 2006 the american national newspaper usa today and the american television show good morning america revealed a new list of	so a handful of people get together and say what they think is the new seven wonders and we are supposed to all agree with them ? god help us

1 the cherokee believed that plants , in response to witnessing suffering in the world , created a medicinal plant to cure each disease . when a medicine man did not	i'm half eastern band cherokee . i had heard something similar to this , but all i ever heard was that the tobacco plant was the oldest plant that grew
2 they're not wrong . tobacco has strong antifungal and antibacterial properties . if you make a tea of it , you can spray it on your garden to keep insects	helps with bee stings , too .

1 google filters child pornography by using software that detects skin tone	children have specific skin tones ?
2 dunno if it's terribly relevant , but if you look at an image of a younger person , sometimes you'll see a ' mottled ' appearance - that's one of	new word for me ! yeah i know what you're talking about though . that would be a screwed up job , studying kiddie porn to come up with some

1 due to allegations of anti-british prejudice ubisoft will not be releasing the assassin's creed 3 limited edition in the uk and europe .	oh but no one gets this upset when we're killing russians in video games ... psh .
2 i have a problem with it , you don't kill enough americans in fpss l , it's always the russians , and they're nearly always communist for some reason .	because they were a major communist force for almost a century perhaps ?
3 i understand their historical depictions but didn't cod make them communists for mw2 ?	an ultranationalist faction takes over , i don't think they ever mention exactly how they run the country except for tons of " fuck yeah russia eat a dick america

1 wwii concentration camps in croatia were even more brutal than those in nazi germany . prisoners were cremated alive , disemboweled and thrown in rivers , killed with mallets ,	nazi prisoners were cremated alive as well . they were poisoned , blinded , cut apart , starved , raped ... i'd say they were both pretty brutal .

1 john young smuggled a roast beef sandwich into space .	forget " overly manly man " . astronaut eating a beef sandwich is about as manly as i can handle .

1 during a lecture , an oxford philosopher made the claim that although a double negative in english implies a positive meaning , there is no language in which a double	he was " too intelligent " :)

1 cake's newest album was recorded in a solar powered studio that the band built themselves .	i may buy this album just because of this .

1 in 1561 the citizens of nuremberg witnessed an " aerial battle " that lasted for over an hour , with strangely shaped objects " fighting " each other until one	very interesting . but what ever happened to the ones that crashed into the earth ? no one went and collected debris and saved it . it seems to me
2 maybe people were too scared . i wouldn't surprise me .	you wouldn't ?
3 he's saying that he wouldn't surprise himself , to bolster his claim that some people are just really scared .	1.2 million people die in cars each year , yes ...

1 the word " ewok " is never spoken by anyone in return of the jedi . mind blown .	you can't be so sure . maybe chewie or r2 say it !
2 they certainly didn't say the word " ewok . " they may have said something equivalent .	whoosh .

1 besides citizen kane , what is orson welles ' most important film ? - either as a director , or as an actor . ( link to filmography on wikipedia	transformers obv

1 an early version of a chainsaw was used in the 19th century to widen a woman's pelvis during childbirth .	the fragile life isn't fitting ! ? ! ? put the chainsaw in there ...

1 2013 united nations survey found that 62 % of men on bougainville island , part of the solomon islands archipelago , have at least once raped a woman or girl	list of places to take the wife on vacation : * spain * france * morocco * ~ ~ bougainville island ~ ~ * new zealand * jordan

1 the international space station is estimated to be the most expensive thing ever built ( $ 150 billion )	i wonder if they factor in the cost of all the pre-mission training .

1 zelda fitzgerald threw herself down a flight of marble stairs at a party because f . scott fitzgerald was talking to another girl .	all i need to know about hemingway , zelda and scott was told to me in " midnight in paris " .

1 show producers gave a homeless man $ 100,000 to do what he wants ; within 6 months he had nearly spent all the money , and he eventually went broke	nice job , " show producers " . cherry pick the least likely to succeed , give him some of your chump change , watch him blow it , and
2 the least likely to succeed are those who are homeless . so it's not like they had to cherry pick anything . pick any of them . they fucked their	not everyone can find a job . or call their mom if they can't find a job .

1 on several occasions , harrison ford has personally provided emergency helicopter services at the behest of local authorities , in one instance rescuing a hiker overcome by dehydration in jackson	if i were dying of dehydration and a helicopter piloted by harrison ford came to rescue me , i'd have thought i'd completely lost it .

1 the hindu religion states that science only offers a limited view of reality , but all it offers is right and correct , meaning that the religion by it's nature	good for them . catholics have been on board with evolution for decades too .
2 ik , it's just intersting that hindusim basically has science as part of the religion itself , and that some of it's mythologies parallel evolution .	what you described in the title is basically the same as most catholic beliefs . science is true , but a god created it .
3 except , you know , transubstantiation , virgin births , humans having sin , people raising from death , the earth having enough water to flood , or any other	some of those are not meant to be taken literally ...

1 when 6 - year old adam walsh ( the son of america's most wanted host john walsh ) was murdered in 1981 , the police investigation was so inept that	code adam is actually named after a kidnapped and murdered child .

1 ronald mcdonald is called donald mcdonald in japan	[ ronald's a prick here in america ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-wqzmgzQ_b1U/Ul7RFXgn1bI/AAAAAAABqmc/GDYF1k_UjRI/s1600/343d2dd8368611e3aaa522000ae81dfe_8.jpg )
2 [ you haven't seen the worst of it yet ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LRX5MiOG420 ) edit : [ he's really lost control . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kI6ioPSKUgQ&list=UUz_cDc_2arKIb6SlJoqFT0w )	now that's fucked up !

1 victoria's secret was founded by a man as a store for other men to go shopping for their wives / girlfriends in without feeling self-conscious .	oh the irony .
2 no shit . every time i go in there by myself , the staff and customers look at me like i'm some perv . i feel awkward going in there	omg , the staff is the worst . they get so judgmental . especially when all you want to do is try stuff on .

1 : in 1930 , babe ruth signed a contract for a record breaking $ 80,000 . he was asked by a reporter what he thought of his yearly salary being	that $ 80,000 translates to $ 1,119 , 022.75 in 2013 usd . the 2012 mlb minimum salary was $ 480,000 and the average was over $ 3 million .

1 wal-mart once pulled midge , a doll in the barbie line , from the shelves due to concerns she was pregnant with no wedding ring and it would promote teen	like a lot of pregnant women , midge just took her rings off because her fingers and feet got swollen .
2 ah this is what i was thinking as well . i remember hearing that women often remove their rings during later stages of pregnancy due to swelling , wasn't sure	i'm 9 months postpartum , have lost all but 5 pounds of the weight i gained , and i still can't get my fucking ring back on . i think

1 arabs enslaved at least twice as many africans than what the trans-atlantic slave trade produced	the concept of slavery was different for the arabs . they weren't picking cotton .

1 " where the wild things are " was originally titled " land of the wild horses " until the author maurice sendak realized that he couldn't draw horses and changed	i'll eat you up !

1 camels originated in the present day united states and only later spread to asia and north africa	that's okay because they gave us horses in return .
2 na gave the world horses first . horses originated in na ! http://www.livescience.com/9589-surprising-history-america-wild-horses.html	believe him . his user name tells us he is well acquainted with horses .

1 - the name of yoda's race & home world are never mentioned in any film , book , or media . he is officially said to be of a "	i thought yoda's species was called , " whills . "

1 edge of tomorrow , adapted from all you need is kill by hiroshi sakurazaka , who was inspired from his experience from playing video games ; when getting stuck on	about half way through the movie i realized that it was basically a video game and blew all my friend's minds . good to know i wasn't that far off

1 paul newman was #19 on nixon's political enemies list , which he claimed was his greatest accomplishment	to be fair , i don't think nixon saw the irony in that song he wrote about short people .
2 is funny because is different newman !	[ pshaw ! ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1NvgLkuEtkA )

1 under ceo carly fiorina , hp sold over $ 120 million in computers and printers to iran despite us sanction policy , through a foreign subsidiary	fiorina , i can't understand how she is a candidate . she has to have the worst resume of any contender . an allegedly corrupt and failed businesswomen who already
2 you're reasoning is not conducive with your disbelief . this is politics , not girl scouts .	her work history makes trump looking like larry page , and she cut american jobs . she just happens to be a woman and not a complete crazy person .
3 im getting really sick of hearing the " cutting jobs " line as a negative . her job as ceo is not to give people jobs . its to preserve	yes but she's running for president of the united states

1 during ww2 , italy delivered an ultimatum to greece demanding they accept occupation . the greeks replied with " then it is war " . in the ensuing fight ,	yeah ... italy in world war 2 was just military embarrassment after embarrassment . it's military was horrendously ineffective , and really could not operate independently of the germans .

1 adidas was founded by two german brothers , adi and rudi dassler . after a disagreement , rudi went onto create puma .	i found the name creation most interesting - adolf dassler - adi + dass = adidas rudolf dassler - ru + da = ruda ( re-branded to puma ) .
2 the story is quite similar for aldi . was created by the brothers karl albrecht and theo albrecht . the name stands for * * al * * brecht *	long live aldi north .

1 maya lin , designer of the vietnam veterans memorial in dc , faced harassment based on her ethnicity after her design was picked , including presidential candidate ross perot calling	what the fuck . they had to place a gaudy bronze statue off to the side of her design too , because of her ethnicity . what a bunch of
2 i find it funny how you call the bronze statue " gaudy " , considering it was made by frederick hart who is one of the greatest sculptors to have	just because the guy who made it was talented doesn't mean it isn't gaudy . just the fact that it's a bigass bronze statue makes it gaudy ; it's a

1 there is a john cleese voice option for tomtom , and when you must " bear to the right " , it is followed by " beaver to the left	i like the japanese tsundere kugyu gps voice - it keeps berating you about how she's " just telling you this for your own sake , not because i love

1 traces of coca and nicotine found in some egyptian mummies have led some to speculate that ancient egyptians may have traveled to the new world ( america ) .	did you really need to specify the new world is america ?

1 patrick stewart , while he was going bald in his teens , believed no woman would ever be interested in him again , and gave up on the idea of	he didn't give up on the idea of love and relationships entirely because he has had more than a couple of wives .

1 david bowie was so zonked out on drugs that he barely remembers making his album " station to station . "	thin white duke don't give a fuck .

1 during the munich massacre , the camera crews filmed the actions and broadcasted it live on tv , so the terrorists were able to watch the police prepare an attack	i think i'll watch munich tonight , great movie .

1 the seconds hands in train station clocks in switzerland run 1.7 % faster , then stop for an extra second at the top of the minute ( as they are	does that make them [ syncopated clocks ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IboyHfL2jno ) ?

1 gandhi wrote a letter to " every briton " urging them to surrender to hitler and " let them take possession of your beautiful island , with your many beautiful	i don't think he seriously meant this . it was probably ( in my view ) a kind of " see how it feels " about occupation ( india was

1 there's a planet orbiting a double star nicknamed " tatooine "	we keep giving all these boring gas giants cool names , buy the time we find earthlike planets we can actually live on all the cool names will be taken

1 the lord of the rings never profited and actually had " horrendous losses " according to new line cinema . several parties had to sue nlc , including peter jackson	yet he's on board for hobbit ?

1 " to learn who rules over you , simply find out who you are not allowed to criticize . " is not a quote from voltaire . it comes from	terrible people have great quotes all the time . it's how they get popular .
2 like this : http://i.imgur.com/vJRKNUW.jpg	lenin wasn't really even that bad of a guy .

1 : the lifevests they give you on a plane are pointless . no wide body aircraft has ever made a successful landing on water .	pretty small sample size to state they they will never be of any use . if you had a couple hundred pilots make water landings with a couple of hundred

1 in the process of trying to catch serial killer andrei chikatilo , soviet police ended up solving more than 1000 unrelated crimes , including 95 murders and 245 rapes .	they also tortured and executed an innocent man , aleksandr kravchenko . and drove four guys to commit suicide with brutal interrogation tactics .

1 the only person who voted against going to war with japan was also the first female congressman . she also voted against ww1	this lady hails from my home state and alma mater . every year on jr day , we dig her body out of the crypt and have it reenact the

1 the man with the deepest voice can hum 8 octaves below the lowest g on the piano ; so low that humans can't hear it .	wait , how many hertz is that note ? anyone know ?

1 jack nicholson was brought up believing that his mother was his sister and his grandparents were his parents . for 37 years .	that actually was - - well , maybe not common , but certainly not unheard of - - back in the day . a teenager would get pregnant . she'd
2 happened to my uncle , don't think he found out until he was in his 40s or 50s .	so was he your great uncle ?

1 weird al yankovic has asked permission from prince to parody his songs on numerous occasions , and has always been refused . when the two were assigned to sit in	as awesome as prince is , he is his own worst enemy . he could be loved by so many if he would just quit being such a twit .
2 [ kevin smith talks about prince ] ( http://youtu.be/8LhcParuzpc ) . the guy is fucking ridiculous . he lives on another planet .	saving to watch when i get home

1 while wearing a tuxedo , it is improper to wear a watch .	tradition is events that have lost their relevance and kept their form . all traditional dress makes no sense to me .

1 in peter jackson's king kong , carl denham suggests contacting " fay " to play the main character of his film , only to be told " she's doing a	can someone please eli 5 this title ?
2 okay so the title is fucking awful . but i pieced it together . in the peter jackson remake of ' king kong ' , the character carl denham says	thank you . reading that title made me so unreasonable angry especially because so many people seemed to follow that nonsensical jumble of words .

1 james cameron sketched jack's nude portrait of rose for the film titanic	he used a reflective mirror to create the illusion that it was leo's right hand because i think cameron is left handed .
2 ... as opposed to all those cheap , non-reflective mirrors .	he attempted to use a crystal , but it just turned his hand into rainbows .

1 during napoleons 6 day stay in malta he ; reformed national administration , created twelve municipalities , created a public finance administration , abolished all feudal privileges and slavery ,	besides all that , what have the french ever done for us ? !
2 sanitation , medicine , education , wine , public order , irrigation , roads , the fresh water system and public health and peace . and yes i had to	i think rome disagrees with you . there's a reason the saying " all roads lead to rome " exists . and they certainly had potable water ( freshness is

1 josip broz tito fed up with stalin sending assassins wrote openly , " stop sending people to kill me . we've already captured five of them , one of them	but did he stop ?
2 yes , stalin got scared and locked himself in his bathroom .	like that stopped him . didn't stop pistorius
3 you mean the guy who hasn't been found guilty yet ? silly me , innocent until proven guilty only applies to rape allegations by * evil feminists * ...	uh he admitted he shot her ...

1 india has more vegetarians than there are people in the united states , and that the majority of others rarely eat meat anyway	india is one place where some restaurants advertise themselves as " non-vegetarian " since the more common service is vegetarian .

1 dave chappelle was offered the role of benjamin buford " bubba " blue in forrest gump but turned it down because he thought the role was demeaning , and the	from the man who stared in " screwed " .

1 in 1945 , dwight d . einsenhower predicted that people would try to dispel the holocaust as a falsehood , and ordered innumerable pictures to be taken of the nazi	he also warned of the military taking over government
2 and , yet ike was the military taking over government . he wasn't warning about it . he was living it , although truth be told , the us has	except there hasn't been a general elected president since him ... one could argue that the power and influence of the military is exerted through other means ...

1 coffee loses caffeine as it roasted , so a dark , " bold " cup of coffee actually has less caffeine than a lighter roast .	1.37 % vs 1.31 % doesn't really seem like a big difference , does it ?
2 that's 4.4 % less caffeine . if you're drinking 20 cups a day , that's almost like missing a full cup's worth of caffeine .	if you're drinking 20 cups a day , you can drink one more .
3 if you're drinking 20 cups a day , you've probably lost control of your life .	i had twenty cups of black coffee once while staying up all night to study for a calculus final . woke up with severe cramps due to dehydration . would

1 the band tool made 3 songs on their 10,000 days album that , when synched together perfectly , create the complete version of the song " 10,000 days . "	for those who are lazy , here is the full sync http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EFjEp79zaNw

1 the world record for alcohol consumption is by andre the giant , who drank 156 beers in one sitting ( over 73 litres / 16 gallons )	i am pretty sure he broke at least one other record a few hours later

1 samuel l . jackson got rid of his stutter by developing an affinity for the word " motherfucker "	everybody stutters one way or the other
2 man check your pms braaaaa	what ? there's no blood .

1 a u . s . senator was called a hero for refusing a bribe from the fbi , to which the senator responded - " i do not consider myself	ok . here me and my brain were thinking bribes never happened ever ! derp i am such a fool ...

1 the arctic monkeys ' performance on jimmy kimmel had to be canceled because kanye west talked for too long .	itt everyone hating kanye for talking on a talk show maybe kimmel shouldve taken charge and said they ran out of time instead of letting kanye blather on and screw
2 seriously , did kanye know he was taking up too much time ? if kimmel told him it was up and he still tried to keep going that would have	this is the problem with kanye's persona . he's always blamed and shunned for shit that was an honest mistake because he isn't as charming as most the personas you

1 ridley scott is trying to make a the forever war movie .	love the book , but wondering how it will translate to the big screen .

1 coca leaves are still used in coca cola . a company in nj extracts cocaine from the leaves for medical uses , then ships the remainder to coke	i used to be a big fan of pepsi . recently switched and now i'm pretty sure i know why .
2 to me , even though they don't taste the same , i don't find one to be better than the other .	i stubbornly prefer coke and i honestly have no idea why . i'm a little afraid i've just been thoroughly brainwashed into coke loyalty .

1 pro basketball player latrell sprewell's career ended when he refused a $ 21 - million three-year contract offer from the timberwolves , which he implied would not be enough to	god bless alabama and the athletes it sends out into the world !

1 british naval submarines have for years flown the jolly roger to honor submarine tradition .	i'm kinda confused , how do submarines fly flags ? they're underwater most the time aren't they ?
2 older subs spent the majority of their time on the surface .	arguably the oldest submarines spent their entire lifetime on the surface and only went under in their final seconds .
3 " we're drowning ! " " no ! we're temporary submarines ! "	we all live in a temporary submarine , temporary submarine , tempora * gurglegurglegurgle *

1 despite his departure from the band in 1968 , pink floyd paid orginal member syd barret royalties until his death .	so not only did they rock , they were also really decent people . holy fuck i love pink floyd .

1 william franklin , son of benjamin franklin , remained loyal to the british crown throughout the american revolutionary war ; he never spoke to his father again	william franklin ... was a dick . - drunk history on youtube

1 matt stone & trey parker had people warn them that there would be mormon protests surrounding their musical " the book of mormon " , but the church has had	the person who showed me the " dumbdumbdumb " episode of south park was mormon . he thought it was hilarious .

1 rashida jones provided backing vocals on maroon 5 ' s hit album , songs about jane .	that is like one of my favorite albums and i had no idea . she truly is an excellent specimen of the tribe .
2 yup . son of quincy jones , is co-directing next toy story movie , graduated from harvard .	wow , she's pretty hot for a guy .

1 some male garter snakes act like female to lure other males far away and then rush back to the burrow to mate with real female .	that's some bugs bunny level shit right there .

1 harvard earns enough money on interest from its endowment that it could offer free tuition to all students and still make profit on the interest .	their endowment is 32 billion dollars if anyone was wondering . they also have their own corporation just to manage its finances . [ harvard management company ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harvard_Management_Company
2 can you define endowment and how they get money from it ? google definitions isn't helping me in this situation	endowment = total financial assets controlled by a university
3 no : harvard's real estate holdings aren't included . the university owns a * huge * percentage of cambridge and a lot of allston . edit : to be clear	yale owns something like $ 3-4 billion in real estate in new haven , but that isn't in the endowment , while some land they own somewhere else is .

1 in ' the x-files ' , aliens begin their colonization of earth on december 22nd , 2012 .	the writers knew about the mayan calendar back then , dummy .
2 in fact the creator , chris carter , made another show after the x-files called millenium that had , as you might imagine , quite a bit to do with	millenium wasn't after x-files , in fact millenium ended before x-files did .
3 millenium - began in 1996 x-files - began in 1993 ergo , after . yeah , it didn't last as long , but that's not what i said .	ah , i guess i read " after the x-files " as meaning after the show had come and gone .

1 3 caribbean islands have expressed interest in joining canada	considering that [ canada's constitution is now considered the leading model of the world ] ( http://www.winnipegfreepress.com/local/canada-a-constitutional-superpower-147422905.html ) and that [ iceland wants to adopt the loonie ] ( http://www.ctv.ca/CTVNews/TopStories/20120302/will-iceland-switch-to-the-loonie-120302/
2 why wouldn't iceland go to the euro or pound or usd ? they're already eu , so the euro is the easy choice , but that might sink in a	iceland is not part of the eu .

1 a ca man driving in an hov lane claimed the articles of incorporation of his business , which had been placed unbuckled on the driver ’ s seat , constituted	i would have appealed at the supreme court . if chewbacca lives on the planet endor , i should be able to use my corporation for the hov lane .
2 ewoks live on endor . wookies are from kashyyyk . chewbacca probably lives on the millennium falcon . this still doesn't make sense .	he's talking about ... [ the wookie defence ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwdba9C2G14 )

1 morgan freeman is against black history month	" dr . martin luther king is not a black hero . he is an american hero . " - - morgan freeman he has a point .
2 dr martin luther king is not an american hero . he is an universal hero .	i would go with human rights hero , personally .

1 does anyone else want to see an r rated , gritty , dark , and violent tmnt movie based on their frank miller origins ?	yes , they should be teenage mutant ninja snapping turtles with canine fangs . they fight , they bite ...

1 25.5 % of the belgian capital city population are muslims	there's gotta be an immigration revolution .

1 during the second world war , the u . s . army discovered that colorblind soldiers could distinguish camouflaged targets better than their counterparts with color vision could .	... byakugan !

1 lisa lampanеlli promisеd to donatе $ 1,000 dollars to gay mеn's hеalth crisis for еvеry mеmеbеr of wеstboro baptist church that protеstеd hеr show on may 20 , 2011 in	i posted this exact same thing ... like a year ago . and you copied my title , how dare you ! ;) http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/rhq05/til_lisa_lampanelli_promised_to_donate_1000/
2 literally the exact wording .	classic op
3 http://i.imgur.com/l2rZdIh.gif http://i.imgur.com/Pv8aLXS.png http://i.imgur.com/zOGp1MH.gif http://i.imgur.com/If26T0o.jpg http://i.imgur.com/T6q3sen.gif http://i.imgur.com/Jvt8u1u.jpg http://i.imgur.com/vyEu8.gif http://i.imgur.com/wLczo.jpg http://i.imgur.com/ULbVR.png http://i.imgur.com/hXV4A.png http://i.imgur.com/sedDo.jpg http://i.imgur.com/k3YWS.jpg http://i.imgur.com/iSADNh.jpg http://i.imgur.com/yxTZ5.jpg http://i.imgur.com/NOPNa.jpg http://i.imgur.com/wvtKV.jpg http://i.imgur.com/DxXel.jpg http://i.imgur.com/4rGHx.jpg http://i.imgur.com/zrrDH.jpg http://i.imgur.com/y8HEFyq.jpg http://i.imgur.com/VVGC095.jpeg http://i.imgur.com/WqABUCO.jpg http://i.imgur.com/cBBR59x.jpg http://i.imgur.com/OLodooT.jpg http://i.imgur.com/XqDnS.jpg http://i.imgur.com/xBZab.jpg http://i.imgur.com/audCjRI.jpg http://i.imgur.com/fHHbV0Z.gif	how come none of this are in the [ gif archive ] ( http://reactiongifsarchive.imgur.com/ ) ? that thing needs to be updated

1 april 16 , 2016 will be the 500 year anniversary of bavaria adopting the reinheitsgebot . it is a law that said that the only ingredients that could be used	really wish america had these laws , or at least it would nice to make those not adhering to the code label their beverages as such , and would not
2 yeah , why don't you just fuck off and leave our fantastic beers alone ?	meanie

1 because they make over 300 million small rubber tires each year , lego is considered the world's # 1 tire manufacturer	sysk ?

1 a person's perception of time tends to speed up with age .	it's because all experiences are relational to prior one's and when one is young , few neural pathways have been formed and everything is novel ... when one gets older
2 this is a great article about this very idea . creating new memories has a tendency to slow down our perception of time . http://www.artofmanliness.com/2014/08/11/be-a-time-wizard-how-to-slow-down-and-speed-up-time/	great ! thanks for sharing ! :)

1 in lebanon the president must be a christian , the prime minister a sunni , and the speaker of parliament a shi'a	its a part of the confessionalism system . every lebanese citizen's passport has their religious affiliation . to get my citizenship i had to get ahold of my baptismal certificate
2 serious question , what if you don't have a religion ? can you still become a citizen ?	i believe all categories are treated like ethnoreligious groups . if your parents are maronite you are maronite . if they're sunni you're sunni .

1 the us nuclear arsenal is the property of the civilian department of energy , not the military department of defense	i don't know if that makes me feel better or worse ...

1 apollo lunar rover missions had a " walkback limit " on travel distance so that astronauts would still have time to walk back to the lander if the rover broke	so , the people who planned and executed the moon landing had common sense . good to know .

1 rolling stones drummer , charlie watts , was sleeping one day , when mick jagger phoned drunk to watts ' hotel room asking where was his drummer . watts got	hmm . that's interesting because charlie is famously quoted as saying : " that's what i do , i play the drums for mick and keith i don't play them

1 farrah fawcett died on the same day as michael jackson , whose death overshadowed hers	[ relevant ] ( http://ripjedi.ytmnd.com/ )

1 in penile-vaginal intercourse with an hiv-infected partner , a woman has an estimated 0.1 % chance of being infected , and a man 0.05 % . am i the only	i was off by 99.95 % :(
2 hey , fun facts . it's probably lower then that . say 1 out of 1000 for females and 1 out of 7000 for males . i'm 95 % sure	... i'm 95 % sure that i want to hear more about this * improper * vaginal sex .

1 country singer tim mcgraw is a hardcore democrat who supported both clinton and obama .	who gives a shit ?

1 don mclean's kids sang the weird al yankovic parody ( ' the saga begins ' ) of his classic ' american pie ' so much that he sometimes sings it	childhood is never complete without the ' weird al ' phase .
2 " phase " ?	seriously . annnnnd another hour and a half lost to you tube listening to weird al's parodies ... again . no regrets :-D

1 : by 1982 , space invaders had grossed $ 2 billion . just in quarters ..	wow , the population in 1982 was about 232 million , this equates to every single person using approximately 34 quarters each .

1 a reliable way of detecting art forgeries is to test for cesium - 137 and strontium - 90 as these isotopes did not exist in nature prior to the first	it's white collar people

1 chris farley was the original choice to voice the title character of the dreamworks animated film shrek , but died just before recording was finished . it's said approximately 80-90	when i see the 2000s era comedians , i get sad . chris farley as a supporting actor in a comedy is worth 10,000 will farrels , vince vaughns ,

1 a hockey player was traded for 1 $ in 1993 , he went on to win four stanely cups	even without looking - hello , kris draper ! also , the jets never collected the one dollar .

1 netherlands officially crowned unofficial football world champions	this means that by the end of the world cup , argentina will be both official and unofficial champion ! sounds good
2 don't forget we have tim fucking krul ,	i still don't fully understand why he isn't our # 1 .. i mean cillessen is great but inexperienced and obviously not our best pk stopper . whereas krul is
3 cilessen is # 1 for buildup purposes . tim krul just hoofs the ball forward .	every time cillessen did that ( and he did it quite often , especially in the group matches ) , we lost the ball . :-(

1 canada has specifically banned members of the westboro baptist church from entering the country .	dear america , get your shit together . regards , the rest of the world .

1 the subspecies of elephant used by hannibal in his invasion of italy are extinct	this is also pretty interesting : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chinese_Elephant

1 , in 1951 , after his plane crashed into the ocean , clint eastwood swam 3 miles to safety ( along with his pilot )	" although monogamous and happily married to his second wife since 1996 , eastwood has fathered at least seven children by five different women and has been described as a
2 [ 50 bucks says he tapped that ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:ClintEastwood1970.jpg )	& #3232 ;\ _ & #3232 ;

1 ifconfig is deprecated in linux	if everyones uses it on everyone of their machines ... is it really deprecated ?

1 evidence for the egyptian enslavement of the israelites has not yet been found outside of the bible ; only evidence that it never happened	i'm usually disappointed by til , mostly the people who respond with counterarguments .

1 blazing saddles is considered " historically significant " by the library of congress because it was the first film from a major studio to have a fart in it	by a totally random coincidence , i'm actually watching it right now . i find it weird to think about the fact that it was made only a decade after

1 when yao ming played his first game in miami , the heat promoted the game by passing out 8,000 fortune cookies . yao wasn't offended because he had never seen	why would it be offensive ?

1 matt stone & trey parker had people warn them that there would be mormon protests surrounding their musical " the book of mormon " , but the church has had	i wonder how a musical mocking the quran and muslims would end .

1 the age of consent in the vatican was 12 in 1929 . now it's 14 .	fuck yeah ;)

1 george foreman has made more money selling his grills than for his boxing career in which he was a 2 - time heavyweight champion	to be fair , his grills are awesome .
2 with its patented design , the fat drains directly into my mouth !	this could be the most one-sided fight since 1973 when ali faced an eighty-foot tall mechanical joe frazier . my memory isn't what it used to be , but i
3 interesting if true ...	i'm pretty sure * something * destroyed the entire earth back then . but i was only 6 years old at the time so i might be remembering wrong .

1 in " a . i . artificial intelligence " , child actor haley joel osment suggested to steven spielberg that to portray an android well he shouldn't blink . osment	another case of a human actor getting a role that should have gone to a cylon .
2 but humans and cylon ( + the original inhabitants of our world ) mixed so much you wouldn't be able to tell them apart .	nope . that did not happen . that was part of the same acid trip as the black market shakedown . so it didn't happen . [ this was cannon

1 every winter at a research station in the south pole , 50 people are left totally isolated for 8 months . an annual tradition for the personnel is the back	wait , there's three ?
2 that's what i said ! i thought there was only 2	the third one is called the thang .
3 next up shall be " the dank thang "	and then " the dank thang rises " ?

1 prince performed a cover of radiohead's " creep " at coachella , but forced youtube to remove footage that fans had taken of the performance . youtube reinstated the videos	in case anyone wants to hear it : [ link ] ( http://www.ebaumsworld.com/video/watch/468315/ )

1 john constantine is one of the only comic book characters to age in real time with his publication . this year he turned 61 .	i don't follow the comic nor have i seen the movie with keanu , but the new show is pretty fucking fantastic .
2 i'm glad people are getting into the character , but the show is shit compared to the movie even though the movie took certain liberties . this story really deserves	yeah , being on broadcast is a bit of a let down . it still has a little potential , supernatural started out pretty light and got pretty good (

1 up until 1978 , the mormon church taught that blacks were once an evil race of jews who were colored by god for their wickedness .	well , in 1978 god changed his mind about black people source : elder price
2 not a surprise the religion is a truly evil concept and only encourages violence , violence and guess what more violence . why can't people just be intelligent and just	would you like some troll-food ?

1 the hacker kevin mitnick was kept in solitary confinement for 8 months because " law enforcement told the judge that he could somehow dial into the norad modem via a	free kevin ! ^ with ^ purchase ^ of ^ kevin ^ of ^ equal ^ or ^ greater ^ value
2 free hat !	limit one per kevin

1 when canadian prime minster lester b . pearson came to philadelphia to speak against the vietnam war , before he could finish his speech president lyndon b . johnson summoned	honestly another world leader coming to your country to talk shit about your own administration is just a bad move . i doubt russia would like it if obama showed

1 raccoons can figure out how to open several complex locks in less than 10 tries , and they can remember solutions to tasks for up to 3 years .	but can he figure out why kids love the taste of cinnamon toast crunch ?

1 pro basketball player latrell sprewell's career ended when he refused a $ 21 - million three-year contract offer from the timberwolves , which he implied would not be enough to	yeah , yeah , yeah . latrell sprewell is rich and dumb . what does that make us ?

1 neerja bhanot , an indian flight , attendant hid the passports of american passengers on board a hijacked flight to save them from the terrorits . she died while attempting	wow . read the article : all the hijackers were captured by the pakistanis . - convicted and sentenced to death - death commuted to life sentence - all of
2 so what ? europeans are always going on about how this is how it should be ... they were " rehabilitated " if this makes pakistan bad , than norway	anders brevik is currently playing ps2 in jail

1 the catholic church considers superstition to be a sin .	just came to mention that superstition is seen as negative because , to believe that an object or practice has power to effect your life , in a way other

1 hobos had an ethical code that included " boiling up " as often as possible and making an effort to convince runaways to return home .	> 13 - do not allow other hobos to molest children , expose all molesters to authorities , they are the worst garbage to infest any society . no hobosexuals
2 hobos have a stronger code of ethics than the catholic church .	and that , friend , is why hobos will be with us long after the catholic church has gone the way of the dodo . / amen

1 the reason the enemies in the game angry birds are pigs is because the swine flu epidemic was going around at the time of the game's development	i had swine flu and have not gotten sick since then . i think i might be a super hero . it's been like 3 or 4 years .
2 also had swine flu and it completely knocked me on my ass for about 2.5 weeks . i don't think i moved from my bed the first week at all	yeah , i almost died . totally worth it now , though . if the zombie apocalypse happens like in i am legend come find me .

1 shakira was banned from her school choir because her music teacher didn ’ t think she could sing and ' sounded like a goat '	sounds about right

1 guy ritchie got circumcised because of madonna's belief in kabbalah ( and now of course they're divorced )	kabbalah monster approves .

1 thrift shop was the first song since 1994 that reached number 1 on the hot 100 chart without the support of a major record label	i can't stand macklemore . respect to him for making it big , but what an overrated , overplayed , overhyped artist . edit : i'm expecting to get downvoted

1 than an estimated 20,000 women , infants & the elderly were raped when the japanese invaded nanking in 1937 . many were killed immediately after , often through explicit mutilation	somehow the japanese seem to forget this every year when they try so shame the us for dropping the big one .

1 the grey affected roger ebert so much , he walked out of his next scheduled screening . " it was the first time i've ever walked out of a film	this is pretty shocking to me because that movie was awful

1 in 1940 , the germans conquered denmark so quickly , the danes didn't have time to formally declare war against them . they surrendered after 2 hours	good guy denmark , takes just enough time to get the jews to safety and then surrenders before any of its people die .
2 well actually the jews weren't evacuated to sweden until 1943 when the germans were about to deport them	didn't the danish burn all papers that could tell if someone was jew or not so the germans could not get any jews by just looking in to archives ?

1 in the us army , there is a rank higher than the 5 star general of the army , called general of the armies , and that only 2 people	the two peoples names ,
2 were albert einsteins .	would it be alberts einstein ?

1 during the vietnam war , a us pow was forced to do a press conference saying they were treated well . he managed to convey the truth by blinking "	woah i thought it was john mccain that blinked out torture in morse code . i saw a documentary a long time ago and john mccain was doing q &

1 - the name of yoda's race & home world are never mentioned in any film , book , or media . he is officially said to be of a "	honestly , this is probably one of lucas ' best decisions . it helps preserve the character's mystique , and lets him retain the aura of mystery he had in

1 john quincy adams was sworn in using a book of laws instead of the bible because he wanted to maintain the separation of church and state .	i don't see how people that read the new testament can argue for welding church and state together . the books make a strong , consistent argument against letting the
2 christianity , or catholicism at least , was actually one of the first religions that did separate church and state , in that it actually made a distinction between the	and yet , a religious city-state like the vatican certainly does a good job blurring the lines between church and state
3 you really don't know how vatican city works do you ?	he only knows how 420 works .

1 when queen wanted to release " bohemian rhapsody " , various executives told them that a song with a length of 5 minutes and 55 seconds was too long and	which is absurd because the seven-minute album version of the doors mega hit , " light my fire " played in 1967 , and richard harris's " macarthur park ,
2 how any manager would respond to that : " you've had 3 albums , and 2 of them got rather mediocre reviews . the doors could do it , yes	yeah but light my fire was the doors second single , before they even had one album out

1 the oldest christian manuscripts list goliath's height at " four cupits and a span " , about 6 ft . tall	maybe they were his own cupits ?

1 in 1996 , bear grylls broke his back after falling 16 ' 000ft when his parachute ripped . two years later he climbed to the summit of mt . everest	* grylls has consumed raw frozen yak eyeballs , camel intestine juice , raw goat testicles , a live snake , maggots as big as a hand , pulsating with

1 there was an american musician in the 1970s who sold very few records in the us , so he quit music and became a demolition worker ; in 1998 ,	op is irish and heard this on phantom fm . didn't you ?
2 or american and heard it on pri .	or read about it in the new york times .

1 freddie mercury's range went from a bass low f to a soprano high f without using his falsetto	yeah that's impossible . since he was a baritone that's just a no . no guy could belt f6 using full voice or head voice . now falsetto or whistle
2 yeah ... my falsetto tops out at like an a5 . f6 sounds mightily implausible . that said , whatever his technique was was wrong enough to hurt him ,	i don't have a falsetto . i'm a vocal music performance major . i'm doing something wrong .
3 as someone who was also a voice major and a tenor , you are not alone . i have regular voice and head voice with a decent range but no	tenor here . same goes for me , my shitsetto is exactly that . another tenor buddy of mine pulls soprano c's out of his ass with his falsetto ,

1 the time machine in ' back to the future ' was originally a refridgerator , but was changed since they were concerned kids would lock themselves inside	after indiana jones 4 i'm worried children might think fridges will protect them from a nuclear explosion
2 after the 1950 ' s , i'm worried children might think ducking and covering their heads under their desks will protect them from a nuclear explosion .	yeah totally . you need to be in a vault to survive that shit .

1 after olga of kiev's husband got murdered , she went after the culprits and not only obliterated the whole family through ruse and deceit , but also destroyed their city	badass

1 arabs enslaved at least twice as many africans than what the trans-atlantic slave trade produced	look at this guy's posting history . he's racist and obviously has an agenda posting this .
2 this is a textbook example of the * ad hominem * fallacy . him being a racist has no bearing on the veracity of the linked article .	the op is a textbook example of the * association fallacy * . it bears pointing out because it absolutely is worthwhile to make sure you understand why someone is

1 the colorado dept . of transportation replaced mile marker 420 east of denver with a marker that reads 419.99 to prevent theft .	i drove past it a couple months ago and there wasn't a marker on our side at all . i was waiting to see 419.99 and it wasn't there .

1 germany finished paying reparations for wwi in 2010	and in 2011 they're called upon to bail europe out . poor germany .

1 the pioneer plaque received criticism , because man and woman were depicted in the nude . as if aliens would get turned on by that .	the man is waving and the woman isn't .

1 ronald mcdonald is called donald mcdonald in japan	no , it's chen .

1 bangkok holds the record for the longest place name .	how about that welsh village name with 52 characters ?

1 the playstation 2 is the best selling game console of all time , selling 155 million units . 131 million more than the xbox .	ps2 ' s sales span was march 2000 til november 2013 ps3 was released as an upgrade in november 2006 ps2 had 6 and a half solo years and 13
2 if you were going to buy one of these systems today , which would it be ?	dreamcast .

1 after receiving complaints about the size of their sandwiches , subway responded " ' subway footlong ' is a registered trademark as a descriptive name for the sub sold ...	spoken like a true bull shiter .

1 buzz aldrin once punched a moon landing conspiracy theorist in the face . the charges were dismissed , saying that he was provoked .	i don ' believe that buzz aldrin punched anyione in the face . it's clearly faked .

1 the book of mormon suggests that there were donkeys , cattle , horses , oxen , sheep , pigs , goats , elephants , wheat , barley , figs ,	i love mormons . next time they come to your door don't turn them away . invite them inside . start cleaning while they talk to you . they'll start
2 posting here for visibility . i know nothing about the book of mormon or anything about the mormon religion . nonetheless , just going straight off this til post ...	i was going to make the same point you did : horses entered asia from north america . they existed there first .

1 johnny knoxville is the result of " significant inbreeding " . this was discovered by a genealogist he himself hired .	interesting . i think its worth noting that while he may be inbred he's obviously smart enough to make a crap-ton of money * acting * like an idiot and
2 i think it's generations of inbreeding that causes the most problems . like those families who isolate themselves and only have sex among themselves .	the mcpoyles
3 i don't think the mcpoyles really belong in this category . yes , they inbred , but their bloodline is * pure ! ! ! *	pure as the driven milk .

1 a koi fish , named " hanako " , was owned by several individuals over many years and lived to be 226 years old , dying in 1977 .	katawa shoujo . that is all .

1 the ' rib ' supposedly removed from adam to make eve may have been the baculum , or penis bone , explaining both its lack in human and the seam	evolution not devultion please . stop posing theology as a science .

1 roald dahl was so angry with the changes made to the plot of willy wonka and the chocolate factory he refused to allow the sequel to be made into a	he was a cia agent , if he really didn't want to have it made he could've just waterboarded a terrorist confessions out of the director .

1 eleanor roosevelt had an aversion to sexual intercourse , and considered it " an ordeal to be endured "	i guess she didn't like the d in fdr

1 hans island is a disputed territory between canada and denmark . when the danish visit , they leave a bottle of schnapps for the canadians . when the canadians visit	let's go ' muricans . somebody put a six pack of budweiser on that island .
2 why the fuck bud ? it would be jack daniels .	first thing that came to mind for representing america . i did consider jack next , since it would better resist freezing at those latitudes .

1 giselle from " enchanted " is not considered a disney princess due to monetary circumstances	* enchantment ? * * * enchantment ! * *
2 sandal ... what happened here ? * soaked in blood , corpses abound * enchantment !	not enchantment !

1 in 2006 the us government funded a study on the ' spiritual effects ' of magic mushrooms . two months after the study , 79 % of the participants reported	maybe someday goverment and society is advanced enough to understand that it is a crime to criminalize plants or mushrooms . i think many of us could profit by taking
2 they should probably be regulated and you should probably only take them with medical personnel on standby . that being said ... the government could do a hell of a	no . i'm an adult who can buy alcohol , rent a car , or buy a gun . why can't i be trusted to put whatever i want in

1 in 1066 one viking champion alone held up an entire army at stamford bridge . he killed 40 saxons until one man snuck underneath the bridge in a barrel and	a folk tale from 1066 , wow how accurate . in reality judging from past historical examples , he probably punched a baby and died of a bladder infection .

1 the riaa tried to sue limewire for $ 72 trillion in damages - - an amount of money larger than the entire planet's gdp .	can someone explain how limewire got sued but the creators of the bittorrent protocol are safe ?
2 i'm no expert by any means . but , with torrents , pirating is " not the intended purpose . " it is so you can download a large file	the " purpose " doesn't matter . it's a completely harmless tool to exchange data like mail , radio , internet , email or phone . all of these can

1 there's no archeological evidence of ancient jews being enslaved by , and later escaping , egyptian rule .	yep . what's odd is that the egyptians even wrote about their destruction by the " sea people , " but never mention the plagues or the escape of the
2 they're forbidden from writing certain names by superstition . like the true name of god and all that shit .	like lord voldemort ? " he whose name must not be spoken . "
3 yeah , really ! during purim they read from " the scroll of esther " and bang on the table or make a loud noise everytime haman's name is mentioned	also drink excessively and dress in funny clothes . one is actually encouraged to get so drunk as to be unable to distinguish between haman and mordechi - which has

1 there's a man who ran nonstop for 135 miles in 120f degrees across death valley , a marathon in the south pole in - 40f and did 50 marathons in	op's username is disturbing .

1 vermont abolished slavery in 1777 , while still an independent nation . this means vermont was both the first state , and the first nation in the americas to abolish	and they have really good cheese . good job all around
2 and skiing !	you call that skiing ?

1 taurine , a common ingredient in energy drinks , was first isolated from the bile of an ox , but now is synthesized in labs . cat food is required	i believe this only applies to " indoor " cat food formula . the " outdoor " variety ( usually ) doesn't contain taurine , as outdoor cats are somehow

1 happy birthday , windows ! windows 1.0 was released on this date in 1985 .	i will not be surprised if windows 10 launches a year from today
2 i think it will be out much sooner than that . everything i've been hearing indicates spring 2015 .	i'd love for that to be the case , but that seems far too quick to go through tech previews , consumer previews , release candidates , and then to

1 disney is developing a stand-alone film featuring boba fett , which would take place either between a new hope and empire or between empire and jedi .	c'mon bro didn't you hear ? it's because general tsao's chicken . gosh

1 during the falklands war , while the hms sheffield was sinking it's crew burst into song , singing monty python's " always look on the bright side of life "	i hate monty python .
2 [ trophy 4 you ] ( http://imgur.com/Fv4sCmF )	i'd like to thank the academy .

1 in 1979 , an unknown group of people paid for the erection of the " georgia guidestones " , 6 granite slabs that instruct the survivors of an apocalyptic scenario	the advice is a bunch of bollocks though ... too generic and useless

1 poet stanislaw jerzy lec survived a german concentration camp by killing his guard with a shovel that was given to him to dig his own grave - and then escaping	i never understood the whole forcing you to dig your own grave thing . even if i couldn't beat them with the shovel for some reason , i'd say ,

1 the actor who portrays the most interesting man in the world lives on a sailboat in marina del ray	he just got more interesting

1 the details of how brandon lee was shot on the set of the movie " the crow "	wow . this is why you never point a barrel at something you don't intend to put a hole in . prop or not , if it is capable of

1 mother teresa did not administer painkillers to those infirmed in her homes for the dying ( one could " hear the screams of people having maggots tweezered from their open	right ... my mother worked with mother teresa . she said she was an awful hard ass ... to the staff . to patients she was very caring . while
2 why didn't they have much to work with ? what about all the donations ? edit : thanks for the answers , but this was supposed to be a rhetorical	see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Criticism_of_Mother_Teresa i'm not sure of the amount of evidence to the claims , but the idea was that money was primarily devoted to proselytism and missionary work .

1 in 1998 , texan judge jack hampton sentenced a man for 30 years for killing two gay men instead of life requested by the prosecuter . he justified it by	what a fucking asshole .
2 isn't life only like $ 25 ?	that's one expensive box of cereal . life is usually from $ 2.99- $ 4.19 at the grocery store .
3 unless you're talking about the board game , which can cost between $ 20 and $ 30 .	what the fuck type of life board game are you buying , the deluxe blu ray edition ?

1 before realizing his true potential in comedy , will ferrell worked as a teller at wells fargo ; apparently he lost close to $ 600 in his first two days	what a great mother , convincing him to do something he liked instead of what pays the best . coincidentally , he makes a ton of money now , but

1 only two people at kfc know the secret recipe of 11 herbs & spices and they are not allowed to travel together on the same plane or in the same	approximately zero people give a fuck about kfc's secret recipe

1 it takes approximately 6 % of a crowd to change the entire direction the crowd is traveling in	why would a crowd be walking in the same general direction and not know where they are going ? if i was in a crowd all walking to the same
2 protests , i think , would be a good example . think of all the recent street protests in the us . the crowd's intent is not to go somewhere	~ ~ protests ~ ~ rioters and the people filming them act like animals ftfy

1 both ' ketchup ' and ' all dressed ' potato chip flavours are only available in canada .	we've got em in maine .
2 another canadianism i had no idea about : gravy on french fries . never mind poutine , everyone knows that's a canadian ( quebecois , actually ) speciality--it blows my	what ? i get gravy on my fries at any restaurant i ask for them , and i live in pa .

1 - the name of yoda's race & home world are never mentioned in any film , book , or media . he is officially said to be of a "	what i thought was weird , is that you see another alien of his species in the first * knights of the old republic * video game , and he
2 there's a female member of the species in phantom menace who talks just like yoda . i think it's just an accent ; the guy in kotor probably grew up	her name is yaddle
3 yep . she seems to be easy to miss though . i didn't realize she wasn't yoda until i looked up the species on wookieepedia and found out there was	yeah a number of my friends in high school , during our star wars-themed gurps campaign , didn't remember seeing yaddle . they had me doubting myself until our gm

1 it can be ok to microwave a metal object as long as there is no way for electricity to arc , like with something smooth or round .	yeah people always freak out when i do this . they get so mad . i explain to them exactly how the microwave works and why foil burns and they

1 tycho brahe had a tame elk . it died by drinking too much beer at a dinner and falling down some stairs .	tycho brahe , more michael jackson than michael jackson , since 1546 .

1 when king charles ii of navarre was deathly ill , his physician ordered him to be wrapped and sewn into bed sheets that had been pre-soaked in brandy . a	shame . he would have been fine if he had just remained wrapped up in his sheets .

1 during the cold war the us seriously considered dropping a nuclear bomb on the moon as a show of military superiority .	they decided on japan instead . just kidding ... more or less . its believed that they nuked ( twice ) japan ( a country already about to lose wwii
2 that .. and the well over 1 million allied casualties projected in the initial invasion alone .	all those who died in hiroshima and nagosaki were civilians . the death toll in the the hundreds of thousands of civilian life alone . that before the radiation poisoning
3 and the casualty estimates of allied soldiers and japanese civilians from a full scale final invasion of the home islands was far higher so they decided to bring it to	my only question is ; why both ? one bomb caused japan to pull back . why did they drop the second ? based on the ( limited ) research

1 4 states ( vermont , alaska , hawaii , and maine ) have laws prohibiting the use of outdoor advertising with billboards .	having never been to vermont , alaska , or maine ( wow , maybe the * only * states i haven't been to aside from north dakota and maybe montana
2 you don't know whether you've ever been to montana ?	without google ... tell me what's worth remembering about montana ?
3 coolies !	that's ... worth remembering ? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coolie

1 raiders of the lost ark grossed $ 384 million dollars in worldwide ticket sales . but it only had a budget of $ 18 million , giving it a profit	yet through the miracle of hollywood accounting even movies with astronomical profit ratios always seem to lose money .
2 [ i . e . hp and the order of the phoenix ] ( http://farm5.static.flickr.com/4143/4774091502_d4084b2720_b.jpg ) by the time the gross was $ 612 million it had made $ 0	e . g . not i . e .
3 correct * e . g . * means " for example " . the way i remember it is " for * eg * - xample . " i .	the way i use it is if you can replace " i . e . " with " in essence , " it's used correctly .

1 planetary scientist eugene shoemaker is the only human in history to have their ashes buried on the moon	are we now trolling aliens ? imagine a ship passing buy ' sir , this moon is not class m but my sensors indicate there's human dna present i don't

1 the pilot episode of lost was so expensive ( ~ $ 14million ) that the network president was fired for greenlighting it .	that's why so many shows fail . people watch the first episode and think " nah , not worth it " and never watch it again . stargate universe for
2 that's something hbo gets right in my opinion . if they believe in a project , they'll fund it to the fullest - just look at the sets for boardwalk	except you're wrong . the game of thrones pilot hasn't been released to the public because the directors know it's terrible .
3 what does the pilot contain ? isn't the first episode pretty much the beginning of the story ?	it shows the death of jon arryn but that's all i know it reveals .

1 the record holder for most survived lightning strikes , at 7 , was struck while operating a truck , inside a ranger station , on two separate occasions after running	must have iron rich blood .

1 keanu reeves ' wife died in a car accident on her way back to an all night party at marilyn manson's house , and her family blames manson for her	hence , sad keanu ...

1 after a student was suspended for wearing one of their tees , the band korn gave away hundreds of their shirts to a michigan high school . police actually helped	korn . man , i listened the hell out of follow the leader in high school .

1 a german study found women cry on average between 30 and 64 times a year , and men cry on average between 6 and 17 times per year .	obligatory chuck norris reference . check .

1 rpg clerics wield maces because bishop odo of bayeux was wielding one in the bayeux tapestry , allegedly so as not to shed blood .	bullshit , they wield it because it is a simple weapon , one handed and with a rather large hit dice .
2 and why did they decide that the mace would be the best stated weapon that clerics could wield ?	because they spend all day praying , can't fight for shit and a 10 year old child could damage someone with a mace ?

1 jägermeister was originally intended to be cough medicine	here in germany it is pretty comon to drink som schnapps when you are ill , my grandmother always gave me some homemade herbal schnapps when i cought a cold

1 manchu mothers , used to show affection for their children by performing fellatio on their male babies	that's disguting . not even breaking their arms first .

1 on september 4 , 2008 , the mexican supreme court of justice ruled that wal-mart de mexico , the mexican subsidiary of wal-mart , must cease paying its employees in	i've said it before , i've said it again . companies don't give a shit about anything but profit , so expecting them to behave themselves any way except by

1 lisbeth salander ( girl with the dragon tattoo ) is based off of what the stieg larsson thought pippi longstocking might be like as an adult	i don't know why those books are so popular . drink coffee , fuck , drink coffee , drink coffee , fuck fuck fuck , drink coffee .

1 whilst on his deathbed , french philosopher voltaire was asked to renounce satan , he simply replied " now is not the time for making new enemies . "	you have to love voltaire the guy was witty !
2 i had a huge book of 1000 quotes . it was supposed to be the most memorable quotes from all time up to it's publication , but i only remember	tell that to taylor swift !

1 it had taken over 10,000 year for world population to reach one billion , now , 200 years later we are at seven billion .	of exponential growth .

1 there is a legend that welsh corgis were the preferred mounts of fairies , and their coat markings are the remnants of the fairies ' saddles and harnesses .	that is a hilarious legend

1 the crimson chin from the fairly odd parents was voiced by jay leno	poof's ( the baby fairy ) first words were voiced by randy jackson

1 no instrumental song reached number one in usa since 1985 .	rise is an awesome song . even biggie knew that

1 president james garfield was the first ambidextrous president and could write latin with one hand while simultaneously writing greek with the other	the first ? who was the 2nd ?

1 the college student who discovered that the 27th amendment was still technically able to be ratified got a ' c ' on the research paper he wrote about it .	technically , his logic was irrefutable , a 27th amendment could still be ratified because there were only 26 amendments at the time .

1 when nathan lane told his mother he was gay , she replied " i would rather you were dead " . to which nathan said , " i knew you'd	nathan lane's mom is a huge bitch .
2 you'd be surprised how common that is .	it's fucking horrible . i could never imagine even thinking something like that , let alone saying anything like that , to either of my kids , in any situation
3 my mom called me a shame to the family and i'm not even gay .	join the club , maureen will get your information for the newsletter .

1 it takes nasa and voyager i approximately 32 hours to communicate with each other , with a bandwidth of 115.2 kilobits per second .	18 billion kilometers away and we can still communicate with it , that's fucking amazing if you ask me
2 what's amazing to me is that it was launched in 1977 , finished its mission to reach jupiter and saturn by 1980 , and is now - 32 years later	shit was built to last . the mars rovers are wonderfull for that too . mission complete ? doesnt care , keeps going .
3 [ relevant xkcd ] ( http://xkcd.com/695/ ) . makes me feel so bad .	this was the first thought in my mind as soon as i read the word " rover " in this thread ...

1 jason lee divorced , and cut off all contact with , his first wife after she read an anti-scientology book	he's a scientologist ? ! oh man , i liked him .
2 well he was in vanilla sky with tom cruise , you don't get to work with tom unless you're ' ok ' i'd imagine * . * not based on	simon pegg is a pretty vocal atheist .

1 chris farley was the original choice to voice the title character of the dreamworks animated film shrek , but died just before recording was finished . it's said approximately 80-90	there were also some potential missed moments of awesome with john belushi , the best of which was hitchhiker's guide with belushi as zaphod beeblebrox , bill murray as arthur
2 i know the current movie gets a lot of flak , but i think martin freeman absolutely nailed it as arthur dent .	i can't imagine anyone else in that role . i thought he was perfect for it .

1 alan turing , the father of computer science and artificial intelligence , committed suicide after being chemically castrated for being a homosexual .	there is a story that the apple logo is a tribute to turing , the apple with a bite missing , a reference to his cyanide apple . however ,
2 simply a gap left by the old typeface on an early logo : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Apple_logo_Motter_Tektura.svg	i'd assumed the official meaning was " tree of knowledge " . you know , information technology .

1 according to the official cards against humanity rules , the player who pooped last goes first as judge	next time you play , play against the deck as well . every round just throw the top card from the deck into the pile . you'll be surprised how
2 that's " rando cardrissian " . good for a couple of solid laughs per games .	damn , i thought my friend made that up . he got points for cleverness ... son of a bitch

1 clint eastwood ran for mayor of carmel to overturn a ban on ice cream parlors . he won .	only someone as cool as clint eastwood could run with an ice cream-based platform and win .

1 50 + % of indigenous americans prefer the term " american indian " to describe themselves , only 37 % prefer " native american "	i prefer the term first nations .

1 in an official alternate ending to breaking bad , walter white wakes up as hal from malcolm in the middle .	100 % legit not at all made up ending will blow ypur mind ! - buzzfeed probably

1 egyptian pharaohs were at one time required to masturbate ceremonially into the nile river .	if you squint hard enough it kinda looks like boobs .
2 wut	tut

1 george tiller , a pro-choice doctor who was assassinated in 2009 , was discussed on 28 episodes of bill o'reilly's show and was nicknamed tiller the baby killer by o'reilly	that is how a fox news do .
2 ok , let's not act like msnbc is even an ounce better .	obviously anyone who dislikes fox news is a viewer of msnbc . we should be thankful that we have someone of your great intelligence to guide us .

1 emma stone's low-pitched husky voice is a result of having baby colic , a condition of constant screaming as an infant .	i was a cholo too .

1 upon its release , twister was referred to as " sex in a box " by critics .	well at least someone at tech is getting laid ...

1 in germany , norway , sweden , japan , canada , greece , and finland , maternity leave meets or exceeds 6 months ; compare that to the u .	in france , you can take up to 300 weeks unpaid leave . as a web developer , i couldn't imagine someone coming back into the field after 6 years

1 during the irish potato famine , the ottoman empire offered monetary aid and ships full of food , but queen victoria asked that less be donated .	the sun never sets on the british empire because not even god trusts the bastards .

1 in their 1983 film " monty python ’ s the meaning of life , " the pythons defined the meaning of life as " try to be nice to people	fishay fishay fish fish

1 in the united states , more money is stolen by employers from employees each year than is stolen in robberies , burglaries , larcenies and auto thefts combined . the	exploitation of labor

1 after reducing her size 34dd breasts to 34c 5 years ago , 2014 french open runner up simona halep has moved up 450 places in the world rankings .	running is annoying when you have large boobs .

1 whales and other cetaceans have small , undeveloped hind leg bones buried deep within their body , unattached to the rest of the skeleton . ( link to gallery of	we have vestigial structures too : appendix , coccyx , wisdom teeth , even the muscles around our ears . evolution is amazing .

1 1989 ’ s “ batman ” soundtrack album was mainly composed by prince , and is considered to be his 11th studio album , but since prince had to agree	it's not the soundtrack , it's ' songs inspired by '
2 5 of the songs from the album are in the movie	i think most of the songs were slated for the movie , but were cut in editing .
3 there are still 5 songs that did make it though	i like lemon crush . that was a good tune .

1 chevy chase escaped the army draft by falsely claiming he had " homosexual tendencies " .	falsely ?
2 maybe he was going through a gay phase . most of us do .	first of all : gay . second of all : stupid .
3 steve zissou taught me that apparently we're all a little bit part gay .	i firmly believe in the " smidgen of gay " premise . i just can't resist to quote a hawthorne . especially when i got a pocket full of his

1 google has created and tested driverless cars on the streets of california , and over the course of 300,000 miles , they've only been in two accidents : one while	they expression on the face of a guy who rear ended the car had to be great .

1 during a pledge drive , a dj at a portland , or radio station promised that the station would never play " stairway to heaven " again if someone made	i don't hate it or anything , but stairway to heaven is king in terms of overplayed songs
2 it depends on circumstances . put a piano in a building free for anyone to play and within a few days you'll try to murder anyone who tries to play	moonlight sonata's intro however ...
3 i don't think i'd ever complain about anyone playing that ( unless they butchered it ) .	the intro's pretty hard to fuck up though , and i don't think many people will try playing it past that . intro to moonlight sonata + repeat + fireplace

1 in china , the number of people living in caves is greater than the population of australia .	it's called yaodong ( 窑洞 ) , literally means " kiln cave " ( [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yaodong ) ) . good shelter from the weathers , but not

1 singer tom waits successfully sued the lapd . he was wrongfully arrested for disturbing the peace when , outside a coffee shop , he intervened a group of men who	no one ever appreciates my username ... but , this thread might be my day .
2 where's my christmas card ?	charlie ?

1 walt disney world is the largest consumer of fire works in the united states.the park also launches the fireworks with compressed air instead of gunpowder to reduce fumes and gain	i saw the show this past christmas and it was insane .

1 tofu is just " cheese " made from soy milk ( whereas regular cheese is made from animal milk )	can they do this same thing with coconut milk ? that would be absolutely amazing .

1 kevin spacey personal life is so private that no one can confirm his girlfriend's identity .	good for him either way . i've always thought it was creepy as shit when people would try to find out personal details on celebrities . it would be creepy

1 britney spears wrote the song " everytime " on the piano and mostly by herself . it was a worldwide hit .	and it was covered by a little known artist named mr . james franco .

1 during the vietnam war jane fonda called american pow's " hypocrits and liars " and believed they weren't being subject to torture and inhuman treatment .	my father is a viet vet and if he ever sees mcnamara or jane fonda on tv , he curses up a storm . i once made the mistake of
2 at least mcnamara had the decency to repent ( somewhat ) at the end of his life . the documentary ' fog of war ' is an excellent film that	the problem with mcnamara is that mcnamara has always been mcnamara's biggest fan . if the american involvement in the vietnam war was thought of as a good thing than

1 a canadian politician , late to his own dinner party , may have inadvertently initiated the fall of the ussr .	sure , we'll take credit for the ussr ending . everything turned up roses there anyways , right ? - canada
2 shh ... don't want the russians and americans finding out who actually pulls the strings . canada is technically in between russia and america .	yeah there's a lot of canada between alaska and siberia isnt there ?

1 coca-cola deliberately designed tab clear to fail , in order to tarnish the public perception of pepsi's rival clear soda and ultimately sink both products .	soda without coloring probably would be a win for the consumer in general . who knows what * actually * goes into natural and artificial colorings . the problem is

1 in their 1983 film " monty python ’ s the meaning of life , " the pythons defined the meaning of life as " try to be nice to people	also , don't eat after dinner mints .
2 fuck you , i'm full .	just an itty bitty wafer for monsieur ?

1 the se-ga voice at the start of the sonic the hedgehog took up 1/8 of the cartridge space	i was absolutely mesmerized each time i heard voices on games from that generation .
2 gauntlet 2 on the nes would make you shit your pants .	gauntlet gave me nightmares , those freaking scorpions fuck them !

1 jews fought side-by-side with muslim soldiers to defend jerusalem against the crusaders	if you read about what happened when the crusaders got into the city , you'll understand why they were so keen to keep them out .
2 they are in a bit of rape ?	i believe the description was " wading knee-deep in blood . "
3 what part of thou shalt not kill did those idiots not understand ?	crusaders believed that if you died facing a cross on their chest or or shield you were " saved " from your sins and would go to heaven . the

1 in the last 7 years , humanity has discovered 43 potentially habitable planets .	and in the next 7 years , we will have discovered 4300 .

1 saint lawrence was martyred by being roasted to death on a gridiron . supposedly , after roasting over a hot fire for a while he said , " i am	at my school , we have a st . lawrence grill team .

1 when former president teddy roosevelt died in his sleep in 1919 , thomas r . marshall , the sitting vice-president , said " death had to take roosevelt sleeping ,	[ artist's rendition of what that encounter would've been like had roosevelt been awake . ] ( http://i.imgur.com/9wz52WQ.jpg )
2 did shitty watercolour break free of his reddit prison ? not seen em for quite awhile	that's because reddit admins shadowbanned him for being offensive .
3 what did he do to offend the fucking admins ?	is anyone going to answer this ? i see no replies .

1 val kilmer allegedly knocked out tom cruise in a fist fight on set during the filming of top gun and that the two have " a vitriolic hatred of one	* * vitriol | ˈvitrēəl ; - ˌôl | * * ( noun ) * cruel and bitter criticism : * her mother's sudden gush of fury and vitriol .

1 40 percent of all wikipedia vandalism is detected by a single bot . it has only 0.1 % false positives .	what if cluebot wrote that article and keeps the humans from editing it ?

1 an anime called ghost stories did so poorly in japan , that when it was voiced in english , the voice actors were given free rein on the script .	thumbnails can be really ridiculously small sometimes on reddit

1 game of thrones revceives money from the irish government to keep airing because their innitial investment of 9 million pounds returned 65 million pounds through got related tourism .	apparently the money is from * northern * ireland . sorry .
2 well it is a different country .	i think many people don't realize that the uk actually means the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland . it's odd since i don't know what they believe
3 great britain is 3 kingdoms . british isles are gb , ireland and the manx .	http://www.reddit.com/r/Infographics/comments/1m1d5i/venn_diagram_explaining_the_difference_between/

1 headon is a homeopathic remedy and contains no medicinal ingredients .	you don't say ...

1 princess leia's iconic metal bikini was inspired by fisher's complaints that the loose-fitting outfits she wore in the star wars concealed her feminine physique .	concealed ? star wars a new hope was basically soft porn when shes running around in that white see through sheet wrapped around her with no bra ... pert bouncing

1 nba hall of famer patrick ewing frequently faced racist chants while he played in college . in one game after an orange was thrown at him , the opposing coach	how is one racist towards blacks in a black dominated sport ? !

1 europeans traditionally swam the breaststroke , while native americans swam the front crawl . when two native americans won an 1844 swimming competition in england , newspapers criticized their barbaric	i prefer the dolphin .

1 alcoholics anonymous contains enough religious elements that mandating someone to attend aa is in violation of the first amendment of the constitution	jesus was an enabler . he dished wine out to his pals all the time
2 technically , aa deals with admitting there exists a " higher power " - it is not specific to christianity .	they tend to get angry when you go on worshiping malice .
3 not really . there's a lot of eye-rolling , though .	my silence doesn't go over so well in the meetings .

1 the comedy film my cousin vinny is often praised by lawyers due to its accurate depiction of courtroom procedure , something very rare in films which portray trials . it	definitely true in my experience . my criminal trial evidence professor in law school referenced this movie regularly in class .

1 : j . k . rowling lost her billionaire status because she donated so much of her money to charity .	i guess she'd rather be happy than ludicrously wealthy . good for her .
2 well , from the little bit to go on in her wikipedia article , it could be that she only donated 16 % of her worth . if she was	billionaires ( or multimillionaires , as the case may be ) need to eat too !

1 when genghis khan sent a trade caravan to the khwarezmid empire , the governor of one city seized it and killed the traders . genghis khan retaliated by invading the	> genghis khan even went so far as to divert a river through the khwarezmid emperor's birthplace , erasing it from the map holy shit
2 you know should not fuck someone when they manipulate mother nature to erase your fucking * birthplace * from the face of the earth . that's not just revenge that's	this is what happens when you find a stranger in the alps

1 actor steve buscemi was a new york city fire fighter from 1980 to 1984 . he showed up at his old firehouse the day after 9/11 in new york to	the no shit train has arrived . about to depart repost city .

1 in 1994 the writers of toy story concepted wall-e , a bug's life , monster's inc . , and finding nemo all during a single lunch .	illustrates that ideas are easy - it's the execution that's hard .

1 shirley phelps-roper ( westboro baptists , daughter of fred phelps ) had a son out of wedlock and therefore is the type of person she preaches against .	when fred phelps dies , do you think the wbc will picket his funeral ?
2 no but we should .	hiyooooooooooo .

1 elmo has been called the " little red menace " by sesame street purists because he takes screen time away from other beloved characters .	grover never had to act retarded . stupid oscars .

1 the 15 largest ships in the world produce as much sulphur oxide pollution as all the cars in the world combined .	wonder which countries they really belong to ?

1 the actress [ soleil moon frye ] who played punky brewster had gigantomastia , a rare medical condition in which the breasts rapidly enlarge , sometimes growing 2-3 cup sizes	" over the shoulder boulder holder "
2 - 2 ? people obviously don't even get the reference . lame .	i know :( i think / u / punchpunchkick clarified it a bit , but for anyone that doesn't know , that's a quote from one of the episodes of

1 hitler explicitly prohibited attacks on london and civilians . any airmen who , deliberately or unintentionally , violated this order were punished . until an accidental night bombing of london	of course he had no problem with pounding polish cities flat .

1 sean connery was offered up to 15 % of the lotr worldwide box office receipts to play gandalf , but he declined because he ' didn't understand the script '	surprised no one did it yet . http://i.imgur.com/lUvQe.png
2 best . shop . today .	i want to punch your face .
3 you are clearly a very upset person . please tell me more about how i can assist you .	well ... i don't know .

1 the arctic monkeys ' performance on jimmy kimmel had to be canceled because kanye west talked for too long .	add arctic monkeys to the matt damon list .

1 since 1985 the government of saudi arabia has destroyed about 95 % of the holy city of mecca in order to make way for the construction of hotels , apartments	no doubt this destruction is by design . the saudi " version " of islam ( wahhabism ) frowns upon all types of holy relics and such . the kabba
2 yeah . wahhabis are also super radical and mean people . it really sucks . there's a real lack of strong moderate islamic nations , or even nations that care	ataturk , while famously secular sent a letter to the saudi's threatening to invade if they destroyed moes grave , effectively stopping its destruction at the time .

1 liam neeson turned down being bond because he was " not interested in starring in action movies " .	does not compute

1 a key ingredient in root beer ( sassafras root ) was found to be carcinogenic and banned in 1960 by the fda . artificial versions are now generally used instead	i think they banned it more so because clandestine chemists at those oh so prestigious institutions were using it to cook up mda . ;) boy do i love mda
2 yep . the " carcinogenic " study results were a bit dubious . i still harvest my own sassafras root and boil it up like tea . not quite root	instead of that , you could get your own sassafras and extract the safrole and ship it to me ?
3 theres a vender on sr who ships safrole oil direct from indonesia . but if you're already on sr might as well cut out the middle man , and just	or just buy whole fraction camphor oil white market and avoid suspicion entirely .

1 8 state constitutions prohibit atheists from holding public office - - in violation of the us constitution	they tried to get a city councilman impeached with this law in my town in nc . it is unenforceable .
2 the wikipedia page said a prominent support of this case was h . k . edgerton , a former president of the asheville naacp . :| guess being discriminated against	there's a lot of weird political stuff in asheville . it's a special place . if you spent some time here , this wouldn't surprise you that much .

1 16 % lithuanian people are hiv resistant .	my people ! ! ! upvotes for everyone ! ! !
2 i was born in lithuania and moved to the us . am i the only one who gets excited whenever my country is mentioned ?	visam laikui ? kaip su vizom reikalai ? noriu kažkiek štatuose pabūt , bet ne visam laikui , kaip taip padaryt ?
3 žinok man 14 metu , ir aš čia su mama atvažiuodavo , bet mano brolis atvaziouja " studijoti " tai žiūrėnt koks tavo amžius tai ...	aišku . 19 man , norėčiau kada padirbt , pagyvent , bet tik metus kokius , kad pamatyt pasaulio .

1 john c . mcginley ( the actor who played dr . cox in scrubs ) uses girl names to refer to all his real friends . he also uses cox	he also was up for the role of wolverine which is why he hates hugh jackman .
2 for reals ?	yep , check the muscles and if you think about you can see it in his face . ( i only just discovered the mail feature . )

1 the east german secret police would mess with targets psychologically by sending a vibrator to the targets spouse	why wasn't this in * the lives of others * ?

1 in ancient athens , a beautiful courtesan named phryne was put on trial for a capital crime . her defense , in the most well-known story of the event ,	r / totallyhappened

1 in 1944 , the bishop and mayor of zakynthos were ordered at gunpoint to list the names of all the island's jews . they turned in a list with just	i have fond memories from visiting there years ago . now i have another reason to love it .

1 david yost , who played billy the blue power ranger , quit the show after frequent harassment from the crew for being gay	4 out of the 5 power ranger were not gay .

1 the ceo of susan g . komen for the cure makes nearly $ 700k a year , about 25 % more than other non-profits of comparible size , while only	and that's why i do not support that organization .
2 people look at me like a monster when i tell them this , but it's a really shitty , exploitive organization . they're currently suing other charities that use the	[ watch this ted talk please . ] ( http://www.ted.com/talks/dan_pallotta_the_way_we_think_about_charity_is_dead_wrong.html )

1 up until 1978 , the mormon church taught that blacks were once an evil race of jews who were colored by god for their wickedness .	if your prophet is morally lagging behind the rest of the world why follow him ?

1 j j abrams made a deal with valve to make movies of half-life and portal	[ better reference click here ] ( http://variety.com/2013/digital/news/j-j-abrams-will-develop-half-life-portal-games-into-films-1118065765/ )

1 jerry seinfeld met his wife while she was engaged to another man . she married the other guy in june 1998 , went on a three week honeymoon , came	wow . what a cunt !
2 she married a guy for a free 3 week trip . cunt is the appropriate word .	she married one guy for a vacation , and another for a few hundred million . checks out . is woman .

1 frodo baggins is 10 years older than boromir .	frodo's parents died while on a romantic boat ride . :D the fellowship of the ring is so awesome ! i just started getting into tolkein
2 the fellowship is the " boring " one . just you wait , my friend . you are in for a treat .	might i ask : who is your favorite character from lotr ?
3 mine is tom bombadil . but half of my friends say i have a horrible choice , and half laugh and say " fuck yeah ! tom ! " or	bombadil is awesome ! there's been many debates about who bombadil really is but he's mos def one of my favorites .

1 there's a school that allows students to do whatever they want . no curriculum . no tests or hw . no classes unless requested . 82 % of these students	all i imagine they are thinking , " wow , school is awesome ! ! let's go to college ! ! " .

1 in 1997 the hill reported that congresswoman sheila jackson lee asked nasa officials whether the mars pathfinder photographed the u . s . flag that neil armstrong had planted on	ugh , i don't even care about her playing the race card . she was on the house committee for science . look , i understand that we don't get
2 she also went to yale . i guess there are idiots in all walks of life .	my mind just exploded . wtf ? how did she get into yale ? surely there were more qualified african american applicants , if affirmative action was a factor .
3 bill o'reilly went to harvard and he has repeatedly stated that he doesn't know how tides or the fucking moon works . most college courses don't find it necessary to	bill oreilly is an entertainer , he is acting .

1 chris farley was the original choice to voice the title character of the dreamworks animated film shrek , but died just before recording was finished . it's said approximately 80-90	my ex girlfriend told me about an animated film chris worked on before he died . always wondered about it .

1 the richest man in history was musa i of mali . on his pilgrimage to mecca he spent so much gold that he caused a super inflation and devalued the	that musa was a real asshole
2 idk , on his hajj he was literally giving away gold to anyone his convoy saw . he meant well , but he must have been aware of the inflation	no he wasn't , inflation was not understood until after what happened to the spanish kingdom ( bring back lots of gold from the new world and crumble under the

1 any " kobe " beef purchased outside of japan or china is fake ; actual kobe beef must be raised in specific parts of japan , and is illegal to	dat is soo tru

1 in 2003 and 2004 boycotts of the sponsors of the masters golf tournament ensued due to their men-only club rule . the golf club responded by dropping all three of	it's their own private tournament and they should have the freedom to run it as they see fit .
2 right , and the sponsors had the right to not fund them for the same reason . first amendment rights were had by all .	i think you missed the part about them saying fuck it and running sponsor free .
3 no i caught that part , the sponsors didn't fund it , and they went " alright , that's fine "	no wrong . the club dropped the sponsors , not the sponsors dropping the club !

1 danny green's dad is / was a drug lord ( arrested for 462 lb of cocaine )	only served 22 months for that much coke . not bad .
2 i wonder if he rolled on some people .	snitched ? probably . i would too if i was caught with that much .

1 during napoleons 6 day stay in malta he ; reformed national administration , created twelve municipalities , created a public finance administration , abolished all feudal privileges and slavery ,	besides all that , what have the french ever done for us ? !
2 croissants and loose morals .	croissants are turkish . that's why they're shaped like a crescent .
3 you're thinking of turkeys . turkeys are turkish . that's why they're shaped like turkeys .	that bird is from many different places , depending on your language .

1 when space invaders was released in japan it caused a coin shortage because people just couldn't stop playing it .	how did this cause a coin " shortage " the coins still exist after you put them in the machine , and you would think that the owners of the
2 because nobody withdraws from a bank in coins , so then they just end up sitting in the bank .	wait why wouldn't arcade and bar owners take out coins , or better yet hold on to coins , so they could change them for video game playing customers ?
3 because the arcades ran on tokens ... that seems to be the obvious ( completely unresearched ) answer . the bigger question is why banks didn't then strong box the	i * highly * doubt they were using arcade tokens during that era .

1 sniper bullets can travel for so long , the rotation of the earth will move the target	op never played call of duty
2 to be fair , neither have i	thanks for letting us know .

1 eminem once took so much methadone , doctors informed him that he had taken the equivalent of four bags of heroin , and was " about two hours from dying	what is a bag of heroin

1 washington state is the only state in the united states where assisted suicide , same-sex marriage , and cannabis use are all legal .	bellinghamster checking in btw . drinks up to the city of subdued excitement !
2 fellow ' hamster here . oi !	right on rain brother

1 comcast has the lowest customer satisfaction level of any company or government agency in the united states . including the irs . also , cable is the only industry to	comcast has been nothing but great for me . speeds are as advertised , service rarely goes out , and i've never had a " mystery " charge .

1 dr pepper is the oldest soda that's still selling in the us , and is a year older than coke	it also went to school for at least four more years than coke did .

1 during the 2008 world hops shortage , the samuel adams brewery sold 108 craft breweries their excess hops , at cost , to help prevent them from going under .	what a horrible business decision . would you want your savings invested in a company that actively tries to not maximize shareholder value ?
2 and of course faggot libtard reddit that only understand handouts downvotes	fuck you .

1 perth ( and western australia in general ) sucks when it comes to protests	to be honest there's not a lot of civilians protests in perth , mainly there's isn't any much issues we cared about . there's quite a few union labor work-strikes

1 val kilmer allegedly knocked out tom cruise in a fist fight on set during the filming of top gun and that the two have " a vitriolic hatred of one	chris knight will always be my hero .

1 lindsay lohan was approached to star in the hangover . she declined because the screenplay ' had no potential '	how ironic , what with her whole life being one big hangover nowadays .

1 the principal from ferris bueller's day off is a registered sex offender for life	for life ? ! i thought that stuff wears off after a couple weeks

1 michael keaton refused 15,000 , 000 to play batman forever because tim burton was dropped as its director .	to this day , even after the nolan batmans , _batman_ and _batman returns _ are still my favorites ... especially _batman returns _ . i know i'm alone in

1 taurine , a common ingredient in energy drinks , was first isolated from the bile of an ox , but now is synthesized in labs . cat food is required	i wondered why they called it taurine
2 and now , you will wonder why it was taurine .	ew dangit . my energy drinks , ruined !

1 president james garfield entertained his friends by having them ask him questions , and then writing the answer in latin with one hand while simultaneously answering in greek with the	no wonder someone tried to kill him what a show off douche ... in reality that's pretty cool

1 einstein was stopped so much in public , he would reply , " pardon me , sorry ! always i am mistaken for professor einstein . "	so i'm walking my 7 year old son to swimming lessons at the local middle school . he sees a poster of einstein ( the one with his tongue sticking
2 that's interesting . einstein has become more of an adjective than a name . edit : it has been written to me that this is more of a common noun	and nimrod has become an insult . be careful making references that fly over the head of your audience .

1 some catholics urged pope clement vii to ban coffee , calling it " devil's beverage " . after tasting the beverage , the pope is said to have remarked that	i don't understand how anyone can drink coffee and think its delicious . it tastes bitter and terrible . it's only good if you add lots of sugar or chocolate

1 on several occasions , harrison ford has personally provided emergency helicopter services at the behest of local authorities , in one instance rescuing a hiker overcome by dehydration in jackson	[ how i'd react if harrison ford landed a helicopter near me and offered to save my life ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/I-dont-believe-you.gif )

1 a koi fish named hanako lived for 225 years	i had no idea that they could live that long . that is pretty amazing .

1 john petrucci , the guitarist from the band dream theater , is the uncle of jake bowen , the guitarist from the band periphery ( x-post from r / todayilearned	periphery is such a badass group

1 over 1,000 , 000 euros are thrown into the trevi fountain every year . the money is used to subsidize a supermarket for the needy .	i'm needy . i want my money back .

1 spaghetti marinara wasn't invented until the new world was discovered , since tomatoes came from the aztecs . before that , pasta was eaten plain with no sauce ... with	a guy on europe decided to prove tomatoes weren't poisonous and wouldn't kill you . so he sat down in town square and ate a bushel . then the towns
2 if i remember right some people died from eating imported potatoes soon after they were discovered , because they forgot to mention that they should eat the root part ,	potato is in no way a fruit . you should ask me about bananas ...

1 during passover , coca-cola sells coke with sugar instead of corn syrup in areas with a substantial jewish population because corn syrup isn't kosher .	the meat doesn't touch the cheese ?

1 during prohibition , the us government ordered poison be added to industrial alcohol to discourage consumption . people continued to drink it , so the government mandated more potent poison	fun fact : ethanol you get in the lab typically has benzene in it , which is carcinogenic / generally horrible for you . as the famous quote goes ,
2 if it is labeled as 200 proof or pure ethanol then it's pure . benzene can mess up some organic reactions ( depending on what you're doing , benzene is	there is no such thing as pure . there are only varying levels of impurities . the difference between ' 200 proof ' and the 99.99 % stuff is usually

1 after watching star wars for the first time in 1977 , james cameron quit his job as a truck driver to enter the film industry .	that's the way she goes boys ...

1 as a child elon musk was bullied so severely he once had to be hospitalized because of a beating from other students	the meek will and shall inherit the earth ain't karmic retribution a bitch ?

1 an identity thief stole the identity of a surgeon and while aboard a navy destroyer was tasked with performing several life saving surgeries . he proceeded to memorize a medical	http://i.imgur.com/GZ3tAbC.jpg

1 some cuban cigar factories employed a " lector " who would read newspapers , political treatises and classical literature aloud to help break the monotony of the cigar-rollers ' work	now we use audiobooks

1 blue moon beer is made by millercoors , but miller coors doesn't seem to want anyone to know that	i thought this was common knowledge ...
2 ~ ~ it is if anyone reads the label ... because it says on the label . ~ ~ i was wrong . it doesn't say on the label anymore	" belgian-style pale ale brewed with orange peel and hibiscus @2013 brewed by blue moon brewing company , golden , co questions ? call 1-800- ble-moon bluemoonbrewingco.com " nope .

1 there are 4 states that ban billboards - hawaii , alaska , vermont and maine .	i'm pretty content with being an anomaly here in maine .
2 honestly , the more i hear about it , the more i wish i was a native . obviously i can't move there now . damned out-of-towners or summer whatevers	you're " from away " . my family has lived in maine 25 years - we're still from away . i've also heard mainers call people flatlanders but that one
3 my impression was the old vermonters will label anyone south of the vt / ma border a flatlander , including ma / ct / ny . i feel like it's	yeah , i think that's right . in spite of that ( and the perennial tourist season hunting jokes ) most mainers are very welcoming and friendly !

1 although pancreatic cancer is usually deadly , steve jobs had the one variety that's curable . but for nine months , he refused treatment and instead tried a vegan diet	billions of dollars in the bank and no working liver =d eath . who knew ?

1 since 1945 , all british tanks have come equipped with tea making facilities	just because we're at war , doesn't mean we have to act like savages .
2 there is nothing a cup of tea can't solve ... and we can always rely on the ol ' 120 millimeter 55 caliber l30a1 cannon if that doesn't work out	http://i.imgur.com/nFrYD.jpg
3 i'm not sure if the uk flag code mentions it , but i'm pretty sure most flag codes specifically mention not to use the flag as tablecloth .	we really don't give a millionth of a shit about a piece of cloth as americans do .

1 if randy quaid re-enters the usa , he will be arrested and prosecuted for felony burglary charges dating back to 2010 .	isn't there a statute of limitations on such things ?

1 there's a giant hole called the devil ’ s kettle that swallows half a river and no one has any idea where it goes . over the years , researchers	how about they build a cofferdam that stops the water flow for a few days and then send someone down into the hole or a robot and explore it ?
2 remove the damn * what * ?	the cougherdamn , of course .

1 when the world cup was hosted in the united states in 1994 , they only spent $ 30 million on infrastructure improvements . for the 2014 world cup , brazil	is there anything to the idea that it takes more money to improve a worse infrastructure ( brazil ) rather than a mediocre one ( us ) ?
2 yes .	[ qatar will spend $ 200 billion , yes with a b , on the 2022 world cup . ] ( http://ftw.usatoday.com/2013/07/qatar-will-spend-200-billion-on-the-2022-world-cup/ ) now try to make sense of that
3 if you read article you would understand that 140 b is for airport and rest is for metro roads transport and tourism attractions that have little to do with football	there's no way they get ' huge profits out of 200b investment ' . tourism won't even come close to covering that .

1 in america , a person can legally purchase alcohol on the day before his / her 21st birthday .	if life began at conception , wouldn't it be 9 months before your 21st birthday ?

1 during ww2 , winston churchill temporarily ceded sovereignty of suite 212 of cartridge's hotel to yugoslavia , so prince alexander could be born in yugoslavian territory	i wonder if they could do that any time they wanted . like just go to a hospital where kids are being born , " i cede sovereignty of this
2 just as importantly , if he had not ceded sovereignty , would yugoslavia have cared ? i mean , would they have said " oh well , alexander can't be	yes , every one of his older cousins would be saying , " oh well , alexander can't be prince now , so i guess the next prince will have

1 a woman waited nearly 24 hours in the waiting room of an nyc hospital before falling over and dying . she was then ignored for another hour before someone finally	wow , i hadn't heard about that one . the one where the woman was groaning and pleading with them to help ( and someone actually called 911 to request

1 all pure-bred border collies can trace their lineage back to one dog , born in 1893 , " old hemp "	i'm more surprised by the fact that a border collie can trace its lineage . do they use a computer , or what ? how do they do it ?
2 border collies actually teach computer courses .	its true , my professor was a collie .

1 : afghan opium production has risen 1500 % since the u . s . invasion in 2001 .	it's the poorest country on earth , they gotta make a living somehow

1 when you sign up for the cvs rewards program you are agreeing to wave your hipaa rights , and cvs can then disclose your medical information to others	holy shit , is this even legal ?

1 ironically , the french flew the white flag as a symbol of military command .	why do so many idiots pander to that " french = surrender monkeys " bullshit ?
2 1 . their surrender in wwii ( with america coming in to save the day . ) 2 . their stance on the iraqi invasion . doesn't matter what their	and vietnam .

1 saw minecraft broke 16m in sales to become top selling pc game of all-time . dayz is still climbing , and has sold more copies than quake . well done	" where in the world is carmen sandiego " is too high on that list for me .

1 in 2000 , people magazine voted neil degrasse tyson " sexiest astrophysicist alive . "	well , duh

1 howard stern ran for governor of new york in 1994 promising to limit road work to night hours . he eventually withdrew , but later that year , the howard	no wonder paving a fucking road in the city takes forever .

1 rain wilson originally auditioned for the role of michael scott in " the office . " the producers didn't like his audition , but offered him the role of dwight	well now , after just watching a bunch of clips / auditions , i really miss that show

1 on a trip to china , prince philip joked to students that " if you stay here much longer , you'll go slit-eyed . " after initial concerns of offense	phil the greek . speaking to a blind woman with a guide dog . " do you know they have eating dogs for the anorexic ? "

1 lindsay lohan was approached to star in the hangover . she declined because the screenplay ' had no potential '	well to be fair if anyone knows potential , it's lindsay lohan .

1 sean connery was offered to play in manchester united , but chose to decline it and move on to the film industry .	50 nos and a yehs ... means yehs

1 bill murray was arrested in 1970 for trying to smuggle 10 pounds of marijuana through a chicago airport	compare that to tim allen , who was busted in an airport with a pound and a half of cocaine , then ratted on everyone he knew to get a
2 not to sound contentious , but it sounds like you're judging tim allen kinda harshly ( correct me if i'm reading you wrong ) . i doubt anyone be in	any sane person would trade 20 + years for 3 years . in the end it's all about personal freedom .

1 miyamoto musashi , 17th century japanese swordsman , twice arrived late to duels and defeated both opponents . upon his next duel , he arrived early , and ambushed the	he invented duel wielding swords or equal length . only person who could do it at the time . crazy

1 wladimir klitschko auctioned off his 1996 olympic gold medal in march 2012 for charity . the buyer payed $ 1 million but immediatly returned it because he wanted it to	i watched a documentary on him and his brother on hbo not too long ago . great story and an awesome film , definitely worth a watch if you have

1 princess leia's iconic metal bikini was inspired by fisher's complaints that the loose-fitting outfits she wore in the star wars concealed her feminine physique .	an outfit is more famous than i will ever be . that's okay though , it's a nice outfit .
2 thats not that surprisingly really . cosplay is a thing . costumes are as famous as the character that wears them .	hell , master chief isn't even really a character ... he is the costume .
3 every link in the zelda games is just a cosplayer of the original link .	i wouldn't say * every * link , but that is surprisingly accurate for at least a couple of them !

1 siberian tigers eat bears	and vice-versa
2 truth , but i think there are more tiger-related bear deaths than they're are bear-related tiger deaths .	dunno , i looked at the pages on the 2 bears in their diet , and it seemed that the tigers were getting lucky with one of them

1 only two people at kfc know the secret recipe of 11 herbs & spices and they are not allowed to travel together on the same plane or in the same	that's the same as coca cola , i think

1 a mans booby trapped farmhouse resulted in a burglar's legs being shot with a shotgun . the burglar sued him and won . later , when asked if he would	why didn't he just explain to the burglar that he was a pacifist and supported gun control ? fucking hick .

1 venice island was built on a foundation of tree trunks . 1200 years later , those same trunks still support almost all of central venice .	the cold anaerobic environment they are in will keep them from rotting for possibly thousands of years . there is a whole industry in the us of people who salvage

1 a chemistry grad student accidentally synthesized the chemical mptp and gave himself parkinsonian syndrome while trying to make opioids - accidentally advancing parkinson's research at his own expense	a bit shaky on the synthesis skills .

1 of a 5064 year old pine tree in california , the oldest living individual tree known in the world , whose exact location is kept secret . it was alive	they're afraid someone will [ cut it down ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prometheus_%28tree%29 ) .
2 true . thanks for the link . sad that some student cut down prometheus after 4862 years .	actually , wouldn't keeping it secret increase the chances of this happening again , considering the prometheus incident was supposedly because they didn't know of the tree's age ?
3 i'm going to guess that you've lived in a city most of your life .	suburbs , but what does that have to do with it ? ( genuinely curious here . )

1 timothy leary , upon his arrival at prison in 1971 , was given a battery of psychological tests designed to aid in placing inmates in jobs that were best suited	timothy leary's dead . ^ no no no ^ he's outside ^ looking ^ in
2 did i just come across a moody blues reference on reddit ? ? ? you ... i like you .	i think the kids are off doing stuff today . there's a safety dance joke on the front page .
3 sad to bring this up , but glee did a cover of safety dance a few seasons ago . also the original fits in pretty well with popular music now	so who are these men without hats assholes ripping off of glee ? for that matter , how awesome of it for glee to do a song based on a

1 during the 17th century , the flag used by the french monarchy and the french military command was - a plain white flag . this is probably where the white	also known as the universal sign of surrender ... coincidence ?

1 during the filming of titanic , an angry crew member put pcp in james cameron's soup , sending him and 50 others to the hospital	why would 50 people drink james cameron's soup ?
2 most likely it was sitting out on a [ craft service ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Craft_service ) style setting in which people can come up and grab food whenever they get a	soup isnt usually on the crafty table . typically it is served as the hot snack between lunch and dinner . on larger shows , this is pretty common .

1 the actor who portrays the most interesting man in the world lives on a sailboat in marina del ray	very interesting .

1 under ceo carly fiorina , hp sold over $ 120 million in computers and printers to iran despite us sanction policy , through a foreign subsidiary	carly totally mismanaged lucent .

1 seth macfarlane ( creator of family guy ) had a ticket for american airlines flight 11 on 9/11 / 01 which crashed into the north world tower of the trade	" coincidences do happen " he's said on the matter .

1 there is enough water in lake superior to cover the entire land mass of north and south america with roughly one foot of water	as some from minnesota i find this map very interesting [ link ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/7f/Geologic_Map_Lake_Superior_MN_WI_MI.jpg " geologic map of lake superior " )
2 i live in thunder bay , neigbour . she is a beautiful lake .	been up in that area to participate in a xcountry ski race when i was 18 , you are absolutely right

1 neil degrasse tyson criticized the scene in " titanic " where rose looks at the night sky after the ship sank , saying the placement of the stars was inaccurate	this makes me dislike tyson a little more now .

1 marvin gaye gave his father the gun that killed him as a christmas gift	if i didnt know better , i wouldnt know who " him " was .
2 i definitely thought his father committed suicide when i read the headline .	i thought his father was attacked by a demonically possessed firearm , from the headline !

1 at the height of his wealth , john d rockefeller's personal fortune constituted 1.53 % of the total american gdp . up to 663.4 billion dollars .	looks like nick cage ...

1 gene wilder refused to watch the 2005 remake of willy wonka because he didn't want to be disappointed in johnny depp	well , good on him , because i was * sure * as shit disappointed in johnny depp . that movie was in irredeemable turd .

1 after hurricane ike in 2008 , comcast customers were billed for unreturned equipment that had been destroyed by the hurricane . customers were charged as much as $ 1000 for	you have $ 1000 worth of equipment from your cable company ?

1 the world's oldest person attributed her ripe old age ( 122 ) to a diet of olive oil , port wine and 1kg of chocolate per week .	if i ever live that long i'll make something up why i have lived so long . like " everyday i ate 3 peanuts . only three not more and

1 pro basketball player latrell sprewell's career ended when he refused a $ 21 - million three-year contract offer from the timberwolves , which he implied would not be enough to	the height of greed !

1 stone temple pilots formed when singer scott weiland and guitarist rob dileo met at a concert . they began discussing their girlfriends and eventually realized they were both dating the	i think he just made up that story about the girl after being asked the same question a million times by different journalists . wouldn't you ?

1 the word " ewok " is never spoken by anyone in return of the jedi . mind blown .	crazier : in bill and ted's excellent adventure , rufus never introduces himself . their future selves tell them his name .
2 yeah but that's because he told them ... they knew his name becau ... whoa !	don't listen to this guy . he's a butt head ! !

1 the band buckcherry issued a press release blaming pirates for leaking their music . after investigations , it was found that buckcherry leaked it themselves .	there is a band named " buckcherry . " good for them .

1 most almonds are really poisonous and " eating even a few dozen in one sitting can be fatal " and that how we bred safe ones remains a mystery .	which is why the non gmo labels on silk almond milk piss me off .
2 they still aren't gmos , you mong . a naturally occurring , beneficial mutation isn't the same thing as someone dicking around with them on a genetic level for flavor	well first , kudos on the use of obscure racism , second artificial selection is indeed a type of genetic engineering . anything intentionally done that alters allele frequency to
3 obscure racism ? what ?	mong ( can be spelled hmong ) is an ethnicity in indochina wrung northern vietnam and laos . using a racial group as an insult can be construed as somewhat

1 in wwii , a polish solider volunteered to get imprisoned in auschwitz and escape to gather intelligence on the camp . he succeed and the intelligence lead to the first	i don't know what's more incredible : that this guy went in and came out with evidence of the holocaust , or that nobody believed him when he did .

1 it takes approximately 6 % of a crowd to change the entire direction the crowd is traveling in	it must have been a slow day if you ended up on the " crowds " entry on wikipedia ...
2 friday morning , office half empty , all the links purple by 9:45 , down the wikihole we go	odd , my office is half full

1 there is a waterfall in minnesota called the devil's kettle that empties half its contents into a sinkhole . the outlet has yet to be found .	i grew up not 5 miles from there , and always went hiking and then swimming in the mouth of the brule river in the summers . devil's kettle scared
2 did you hear stories , as a kid , from others , that if you fell down the bottomless pit you'd never be found ?	i think it was really the [ call of the void ] ( http://betterthanenglish.com/l%E2%80%99appel-du-vide-french/ ) that terrified me - just imagining jumping and getting stuck somewhere below ground , *
3 holy fuck there's a name for that ? i always get the most bizarre urge to jump when i'm on top of a building or something . it scares the	well , it's quicker and easier than the stairs .

1 in manchuria , mothers used to show affection by performing fellatio on their male children	ah yes ... the old manchurian candidate . classic .

1 gene wilder ( the original willy wonka ) refused to watch the 2005 remake of willy wonka because he didn't want to be disappointed in johnny depp	who does he think he is ? from the books perspective , his movie was rather disappointing too . don't watch it if you don't want to , but don't

1 chunosuke matsuyama , a japanese seamen , sent a message in a bottle in 1784 that his ship had wrecked . it washed up in 1935 in the village where	it was later determined that his boat went down 400 yards off coast from his hometown .

1 tina turner is no longer an american citizen . she has passed a german language test and swiss history test and is exclusively a swiss citizen after giving up her	i wish germany would allow people to get their dual citizenship back . it's 2015 it's time we open borders a bit .

1 final fantasy viii ’ s squall leonhart was modeled after actor river phoenix ( squall even had the same birthdate )	river would be a massive star if still alive

1 north korea have dug several tunnels under the dmz since the 60s , each large enough to move 2000 troops into the south in under an hour	aren't these the tunnels they tried to say were for coal mining , then when inspectors went into the tunnels to see if there was any traces of coal they

1 : each year we drop 10,000 shipping containers in our seas .	one of the most famous containers lost at sea contained 1000s of rubber duckies , many of which are still floating around the world .

1 not only are there rogue planets floating through space completely alone , not orbiting any stars , but it's possible that these pitch-black lonely planets support life .	“ i have seen the dark universe yawning where the black planets roll without aim , where they roll in their horror unheeded , without knowledge , or lustre ,
2 that was awesome ! what's it from ?	" the haunter of the dark " , by h . p . lovecraft .

1 gamers , playing an online protein folding game , helped decipher the structure of an aids causing virus in 10 days ; it had remained unsolved by scientists for 15	if you put something into a computer program and then assign points , scores , and a leaderboard , i'm going to win . also , when is the world

1 so 153 golazos for our friend messi in 204 games . nice . puskas did 156 in 180 ... starting when he was already 31 .	thanks for the history lesson .

1 grapefruits can actually increase the potency of drugs . so much so that 85 different drugs have been identified as having adverse effects if consumed with grapefruit .	taking an ssri it states that i cannot have grapefruit , i always thought it was because it works in a similar way to the ssri and could cause an
2 is it all ssris , because i take citalopram , but i didn't get the no grapefruit warning .	not sure , i'm on sertraline , but then i think it depends on the brand though

1 boys at spartan military training camps were encouraged to steal ; if they were caught they were punished . one case reported a boy who had stolen a fox and	stole a fox from where , the wild ?

1 stanley kubrick , when told that schindler's list was a good representation of the holocaust , replied " think that's about the holocaust ? that was about success , wasn't	something about the holocaust gets posted to reddit each and everyday . it seems as if it's an agenda
2 do you think that because you're retarded ?	that's fresh

1 when russian pianist and composer julius isserlis defected in 1922 , he found an apartment in vienna , but the 102 - year old landlady refused to rent to him	[ riiiiiiight ] ( http://replygif.net/1242 )

1 mark wahlberg committed vicious hate crimes , including harassing african-american children by throwing rocks at them and shouting racial epithets and permanently blinding a vietnamese man in one eye .	since when does this matter ? snoop dog and dr dre are both degenerates but people here have no problem kissing their asses . mention chris brown though and watch
2 dont forget the love for arnold	nah man , he's only mentioning the black ones . also , your username makes me think of sloppy pussy which makes me think of geoff from roosterteeth .

1 when the invading philip of macedon sent this message to sparta - " you are advised to submit without further delay , for if i bring my army into your	not sure where people are getting their facts from . phillip and alexander didn't fight sparta after , they ignored it because by then sparta was insignificant in greek politics
2 not only did he ignore them but when the spartans sided with the persians he sent one of his lesser generals , [ antipater ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antipater ) , to	i love that you've gone through and copy-pasted this comment response to everybody in this thread .

1 a soviet nkvd executioner personally killed 7000 polish officers over a 28 day period with a pistol , working 10 hours per night and averaging a person every three minutes	souflikar gives this guy a run for his money . bonus points for ' hand's-on " and entertaining fatality . http://www.cracked.com/article_19505_5-real-murderers-more-terrifying-than-any-horror-movie_p2.html

1 carl sagan was denied tenure at harvard university and was unable to become a member of the national academy of sciences because his role as a ' popularizer ' of	the story i've heard is that sagan was denied tenure because the nobel prize winner whose pioneering work on the chemical origins of life inspired sagan's similar work correctly informed
2 i guess people want it to be a case of ' good guys vs bad guys ' . but , as always , the truth defies simplicity .	that quote there . " the truth defies simplicity " . i've only heard it said by john green of the vlogbrothers . is john quoting from another source ?
3 i'm pretty sure he's the source , but i may be wrong . it's a great quote .	i think it's a terrible quote , but just sounds good . sometimes the truth is simple . sometimes it is not . but we can all agree that olive

1 the novelist stephen king said that professor umbridge from the harry potter series is the " greatest make-believe villain to come along since hannibal lecter . "	i hated umbridge so much . mostly because i know there really are asshole teachers out there irl . i had to deal with a few myself growing up .

1 volkswagen owns audi , bentley , bugatti , lamborghini , porsche , and ducati	it has been that way for a while

1 people with red hair are more sensitive to thermal pain , are less sensitive to electrically induced pain , and require larger amounts of anesthetics than people without red hair	" hey sarah , we just got ourselves a massive research grant , you got any ideas how to use it ? " " let's hurt ginger people and see
2 it's actually pretty important for anesthetics . don't want people waking up ..	well , i'd say waking up is more important than going under ...
3 and i'd say going down is more important than going over	can we get a research project to have people go down on redheads ? i'll volunteer as a test subject !

1 carl sagan was not an atheist stating " an atheist is someone who is certain that god does not exist , someone who has compelling evidence against the existence of	most people who claim to be atheists are actually agnostic atheists .
2 [ [ image summarizing difference between agnostic and atheist ] ] ( http://i.imgur.com/MYtoxmC.png )	where's the " does not have a belief in either the lack of a god or the existence of a god because either scenario is equally likely " option ?
3 you'd just be agnostic , which is not on the chart .	this is correct , you're an agnostic who doesn't tend either way on the theism / atheism spectrum .

1 despite sharing the same oral language , british , irish , australian and american sign language are all completely different languages .	one of the only places that uses asl outside of the usa and canada is jamaica . i know this because volunteered at a school for the deaf there .

1 if a bulldog ant is cut in two , the head starts fighting with the tail until one dies	how the fuck is that even possible ? it seems like the tail would have to die immediately after losing connection to the brain .
2 [ ant anatomy ] ( http://www.suite101.com/article.cfm/homeschooling_science_fun/70603 ) > one amazing fact about insects is the fact that they have more than one brain . ants have a main brain and	ants have brains

1 arthur is the 2nd longest running animated series in the u . s . behind only the simpsons	fuck yeah , arthur is the shit .

1 the usa has provided nuclear weapons for belgium , germany , italy , the netherlands , and turkey to deploy and store but they cannot arm the bombs without authorization	the nukes are on those nations soil but under us control . the article states that clearly , listing what us unit has them .
2 that's how it is . a lot of german people don't like the fact , that the us maintains control of those weapons on german soil , even some politicians	to clarify : they don't like them because they are against nuclear weaponry and the risk of accidents .
3 having foreign nukes stationed on your territory without having any saying in the matter also is an clear indication that your country is not fully sovereign .	.. or your country previously signed an agreement allowing it , which has not yet expired . ... or your politicians are just saying what makes them sound good rather

1 the flinstones was originally sponsored by winston cigarettes , and was intended for adults .	this is entirely not surprising to learn after having watched the show on latenight tv in my youth .

1 hawaiian punch used a mascot in 1962 named punchy the puncher who punched everything he saw " including horses , meat loaves , and kindergartners "	these aired in the 90 ' s as well .

1 in 1961 , alan shepard was waiting for liftoff to become the first american in space , a reporter asked him what he was thinking about . he replied "	he also wet his pants waiting for the launch because of delays . apparently he asked mission control for permission and they actually consulted the experts who worked on the
2 astronauts wear diapers now while in their suit . this is probably the reason why .	is it ? depends .

1 michael jackson would request his wine served in diet coke cans during flights , due to being a ' private drinker ' and not wanting his kids to see him	i would think that for an adult , drinking soda would be more unhealthy than drinking wine ( in equal moderation ) .
2 i wouldn't . sugar water ( or diet sugar water ) is no where near as bad as alcohol . in moderation neither is probably terribly bad though .	drinking wine in moderation has been reported as having health benefits . drinking soft drinks with high-fructose corn syrup has no health benefits whatsoever .

1 wal-mart was founded with the intention of selling american-made products at foreign made prices .	i remember in the 90 ' s walmart was bragging about all it's made in america products . i don't remember the details though . i'm sure most of it's
2 at one point they ( or their supplier ) was caught stamping " made in usa " onto tools imported from china . lovely .	maybe it was something similar to [ usa ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Usa,_%C5%8Cita ) .

1 : pokemon gold and silver which sold 23 million copies were developed by only 4 programmers .	fuck pokemon ! !
2 if you really want to ... / r / feralpokeporn	so that's a thing .

1 in may 2011 , representatives of the ku klux klan distanced themselves from the westboro church , denouncing them as " hatemongers "	oh . well , then i guess they're okay !

1 michael keaton refused 15,000 , 000 to play batman forever because tim burton was dropped as its director .	and now we have birdman exposing that fact .
2 go see this movie , everyone . do it . go .	i can't understand what it's about . feels like you need to knew some back storyor something .

1 before the adoption of the word ' penis ' into the english language , the penis was referred to as a ' yard ' .	i see the english had a bit of penis envy ..

1 penn & teller rarely socialize when not working together , and don't consider each other to be close friends . penn believes that them not being close friends is why	teller , on the other hand , failed to comment on his own reasons .

1 in wyoming it is possible to be rescued by harrison ford flying a helicopter .	that should be some type of promotion for wyoming . we got han solo !

1 when hiroshi yamauchi released the gamecube he believed that people " do not play with the game machine itself . they play with the software , and they are forced	" yamauchi would only accept the position if he were the only family member working at nintendo . reluctantly , yamauchi's grandfather agreed , and died shortly thereafter . "

1 mountain dew was created to be used as a mixer for whiskey and the name was slang for moonshine !	does this actually taste good with whiskey ? someone please chime in ! i mean , i am going to try it now anyways , but am curious .

1 stanley kubrick , with four films in afi's top 100 , only won a single oscar ... for best special effects .	you forgot to mention that he was the best movie director of all time
2 if by " he " you mean mel brooks , then i agree .	goddamnit you made me spit out milk onto my monitor

1 in penile-vaginal intercourse with an hiv-infected partner , a woman has an estimated 0.1 % chance of being infected , and a man 0.05 % . am i the only	i thought it was near 100 % i feel dumb now . thanks public school sex ed ...
2 don't have sex , because you will get pregnant and die ! don't have sex in the missionary position , don't have sex standing up , just don't do it	i fucking love this entire thread .

1 on april 12th , 1945 , before the fall of nazi germany , the berlin philharmonic performed a final concert , where the hitler youth distributed cyanide capsules to members	yay ! my birthday ! 😐

1 space invaders was so popular it created a shortage of 100 yen coins in japan , forcing the government to mint more .	i interviewed someone this week who debunked this . apparently it's not true :(
2 makes sense . i mean why the fuck would arcade owners just sit on piles of fucking coins . does japan not have banks or something ?	[ to live out a fantasy ? ] ( http://blog.twowholecakes.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/03/scrooge-mcduck.jpg )

1 australia has some of the most restrictive firearm laws in the world	i'm probably going to get downvoted for this , but i feel happier and safer being a country with strict gun control . although , it doesn't really stop the
2 not to be an obvious righty or anything but this does need to be pointed out : almost no firearms related offences are committed by people with a firearms licence	since 1982 , there have been at least 62 mass murders carried out with firearms across the country.of the 142 guns possessed by the killers , more than three quarters
3 perhaps so , but that's a reflection of lax firearms policy in the states , the same is not true in australia .	agreed

1 the word " ewok " is never spoken by anyone in return of the jedi . mind blown .	> george lucas created the ewoks because he wanted return of the jedi to feature a tribe of some primitive creatures that bring down the technological empire . he had
2 kinda like this ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=txEi7teVKLE&feature=youtu.be&t=1m18s	i like how yoda tried to block a laser with his hand .
3 doesn't vader block a blaster shot in empire strikes back , when they all walk into a room in cloud city and find out that landa betrayed them ?	if we ever have female twins i am going to name them landa and linda in honour of this comment . landa sounds like an awesome name . if they

1 comedian andy kauffman would threaten to read passages from the great gatsby if hecklers got too rowdy . in addition to often following through , he would then ask if	he wasn't a comedian , he was a song and dance man !

1 according to the official cards against humanity rules , the player who pooped last goes first as judge	lots of board games have go first rules like that . forbidden desert : thirstiest player ticket to ride : most well traveled pandemic : most recently ill , or
2 the official rules for pandemic specify that the player with the city card which has the highest population in their hand goes first . the most recently ill / craziest	i'm ... pretty sure that isn't true , it's the most recently sick . edit : oh wait according to the other reply the card thing is in the new

1 james watson , co-discoverer of dna is in favour of discriminating based on race " [ i am ] inherently gloomy about the prospect of africa [ because ] all	[ rome then , africa now . ] ( http://spiritwaterblood.com/pix/rome-africa.jpg )

1 subway's most popular sandwich , the italian bmt , is named for ' brooklyn manhattan transit ' , literally a subway	tastes about right .
2 * * b * * owel * * m * * ovement * * t * * ime . by the way , the subway " cold cut combo "	everything smells like onions .

1 the last of a 3 foot penguin-like animal were killed by scottish villagers because it was thought to be a witch	ahh the majestic socially great aukward penguin .

1 a 2007 study discovered a negative correlation between iq and chess skill in strong players	i remember an article sometime back saying that chess skills were more dependent on pattern recognition than pure strategy . so this study kind of makes sense if higher iq

1 paris hilton's grandfather donated 97 % of the hilton family fortune to charity and is embarrassed of his granddaughter	no doubt ; i would be embarrassed to call her my daughter as well .

1 dr . francis m . fesmire won the 2006 ig nobel prize in medicine for discovering how to cure the hiccups with rectal massage .	must've been a dull year in science .

1 german prisoners of war in the u . s during wwii were allowed outside camps without guards solely on the honor system . no prisoner ever ran away .	where is a german pow innthe contiguous united states going to escape to ? go to central oregon , travel 300 miles south and you are still in america .

1 the film " hunt for red october " was so realistic that it inadvertently revealed classified navigation technology used by the us navy	russian captain with a scottish accent defecting to america . awesome .

1 when genghis khan sent a trade caravan to the khwarezmid empire , the governor of one city seized it and killed the traders . genghis khan retaliated by invading the	is kangaskhan a play on genghis khan and kangaroos . o . o

1 michael jordan said the greatest part of playing for the us olympic team was " learning the weaknesses " of his teammates for when they returned to the nba .	during those olympics he and scottie just tried to annihilate tony kukoc because of how much he was being talked up by jerry krause . they were seriously trying to
2 before their game against croatia , jordan made it clear that only he and scottie would be guarding kukoc . he scored only 4 points on 2-11 shooting and had	magic johnson was like " damn ... "

1 david spade did not attend his close friend chris farley's funeral because he " could not be in a room where chris was in a box . "	also because he was mad at farley's enablers and didn't want to see them . source : howard stern interview with spade
2 enablers ? what ?	somebody who encourages drug use . either directly or indirectly .

1 when the vanessa williams miss america scandal was breaking , hugh hefner was offered the nude photos . he turned them down saying " there was never any question of	yeah , that's bullshit . they weren't selfies . it was a heavily staged photo-shoot by a professional photographer , with props , an expensive set , another model .
2 what's bullshit exactly ?	that they " weren't authorized " .
3 they * weren't * authorized to be sold or published . as far as i could tell , she was told by the photographer that he simply wanted to test	" sign this release because i'm testing some techniques . "

1 john d . rockefeller's net worth , translated into today's dollars , would be up to $ 663 billion , or almost 10x the worth of today's richest man	my economics teacher and i calculated that too . we also found out that he had as much money as 1 % of the entire u . s . economy

1 in the 1980s the naval investigative service undertook a massive and futile search for a woman named " dorothy " in the chicago area , after hearing gay men refer	we'll send gibbs to uncover this conspiracy .

1 when george washington passed away in 1799 , napoleon bonaparte personally gave a eulogy and ordered a ten-day requiem . in great britain , the entire royal navy lowered its	george washington is amazing . little facts : george washington will always be the highest ranking general of the us army . if someone is promoted higher , a new
2 actually , george washington is the same rank as john j pershing . they are both general of the armies .	washington is given seniority .

1 the wrestler mick foley became a fan of tori amos in 1993 . after meeting her in 2008 , he got involved in a group she started to aid abused	well , til that mankind has a hot daughter roughly the same as my age . hahaha .

1 in wisconsin , you can can go into a bar at any age and drink , so long as you're with a consenting parent , legal guardian , or spouse	i learned that when i was 15 and went out for a beer with my dad ! and we were the last state to raise the drinking age to 21

1 north korea is the only country to have been caught cheating at the international mathematical olympiad . twice .	everybody is just peanut butter and jealous .

1 speedy gonzales was fully removed from cartoon network due to racial stereotypes until fans--including large hispanic organizations--demanded he return	i love the title of this post . they * demanded * he return ... just picturing large groups of hispanic people in mass protests with pickets and megaphones calling
2 " what do we want ? " " stereotypical cartoon characters ! " " when do we want them ? " " ¡ ándele ! ¡ ándele ! ¡ arriba	you joke about it but ... come on speedy gonzales was one fucking awesome cartoon , kids idolized him
3 i remember that the problem people had with him wasn't necessarily him , but whenever he was in a cartoon with other mexican mice , they were always slow and	wasn't everyone always slow compared to speedy gonzales though , i think it is more just saying ' this is the level everyone is at ' and ' this is

1 the only upside-down stoplight in the world is in syracuse , ny because some persistent local irish kids didn't want the red ( british ) above green ( ireland )	syracuse , i live there . that's tipp hill . oh shit . edit : hello cny users of reddit . damn .
2 i didn't know 315 redditors existed ! reporting from utica ... the city that god forgot edit : im glad we all hate my city .	i'm sorry .

1 bayer , famous for producing aspirin , purchased prisoners at auschwitz to test new drugs	bayer cropscience employee here ... that's not all they do behind the scenes ..

1 for wayne's world the studio wanted to use a guns n ' roses track instead of queen's " bohemian rhapsody " but mike myers fought to feature the queen song	it's almost like commenters here don't remember how g n'r ruled the hard rock scene in the late 80s / early 90s . i'm not saying the bohemian rhapsody scene
2 ehhh , i think queen has held up a lot better than guns'n'roses over the years . it probably would have been ok for the time but the scene wouldn't	no shit but as the poster said at that point in time gnr were massive . the reception to the scene now is totally irrelevant .

1 the high five was used as a symbol of gay pride and identification	http://qkme.me/3u69sd

1 all germans who are officially registered as catholics , protestants or jews pay a religious tax of 8-9 % on their annual income tax bill	that's quite a substantial amount of money . how did they get that to pass ?
2 it goes to the religions , it isn't kept by the government .	i still don't feel that's right .
3 it's not really any different from a donation , except it's collected by the government . ( the government also withholds a portion to cover the expense of collecting it	if it's not any different than a donation , why not take donations ? it should not be the government's nor the church's right to bring money into your personal

1 male ants do not have fathers because unfertilized eggs become males while fertilized eggs become females	fun fact : ants have * grand * fathers , despite not having fathers ! weirdos .

1 the san francisco bay has an average depth of only about " a swimming pool - 12 to 15 feet "	so , it would have been possible to escape from alcatraz on stilts .
2 no . the average depth is 12-15 feet , who knows what the range of depth is .	jesus .

1 the # 1 high school in the us , thomas jefferson high school for science and technology , in which 2/3 of the student body is asian but only <	53.94 % is not 2/3 . wiki poster needs to go back to school . [ actual enrollment rates for the last few years . ] ( http://schoolprofiles.fcps.edu/schlprfl/f?p=108:13:2936296959551912:::P0_CURRENT_SCHOOL_ID:300 )
2 pfft my high school was close to 80 % asian , about > 2 % white and black combined , and not one fuck was given about the demographics by	i wonder what the newly discovered race is . ; )

1 : because nintendo owns the seatle mariners , there is a 3ds app that allows you to order food direct to your seat	itunes app to order food at your seat at fsu baseball games also ...

1 fahrenheit 451 wasn't made into film in 1999 partially because " with the advent of computers , the concept of book-burning in a futuristic period may no longer work "	book burning book banning : potato potato

1 david mccallum , the actor who plays dr mallard on ncis , originally wrote and recorded a song called ' the edge ' which is today best known as the	http://www.whosampled.com/sample/266/Dr.-Dre-Snoop-Dogg-Nate-Dogg-Kurupt-The-Next-Episode-David-McCallum-The-Edge/

1 " cellulite " is a term made up by spa and beauty services to promote their products , many members of the medical community describe it as the " normal	what does * spa * mean ? i tried to look it up , but according to dictionaries and wikipedia there are about a million meanings .
2 i think he's trying to say " spaghetti " .	[ are you taking me for a spaghetti day ? ] ( http://youtu.be/_ubok2laPtk )

1 in 1994 crayola release scented crayons but had to retire the food scented ones after a year because parents complained that they " smelled good enought to eat "	" orange yellow " what ? why ?

1 in 1984 an contestant made it onto the game show press your luck . he discovered using his stop-motion vcr that the presumed random patterns of the game board were	and then he lost all the money in real estate , then he got robbed . then after that his wife divorced him . and then he died of cancer
2 that's what happens when you press your luck .	he eventually got a whammy .

1 rick mercer is gay	why can't guys like him just run for pm ?

1 keith moon hated drum solos and refused to play them in concert . at one show , townshend and entwistle decided to spontaneously stop playing to hear moon's drum solo	keith moon's wiki page is probably the most entertaining of all wiki pages .
2 you expect me to upvote you for not posting a link ? that's not how the game is played friend .	you should know that the link to the til is a link to keith moon's wiki page .

1 hydrofluoric acid can dissolve glass and also cause cardiac arrest if exposed to your skin	trace amounts of it can give you a great high though . trace amounts can be found in toothpaste as one of the ingredients . it's also easiest absorbed through
2 wat	this an old 4chan troll .

1 while studying at cornell , bill nye had carl sagan as a professor	when i was at cornell , i took an entry level astronomy course and bill nye taught a lesson on the twin paradox . it was rad .

1 we will be able to record our own dreams soon .	i could be getting 100 percent trolled here and i wouldn't be able to tell .

1 war elephant drivers had a chisel and a hammer in order to cut the spinal cord of an elephant on the battlefield if it caused too mutch damage in its	after reading the article a little , the fact that the romans lit pigs on fire and sent them after the elephants to scare them was a little more interesting
2 i feel like this was an idea the first guy thought was kinda stupid , but brought it up anyways then everyone was all " fuck yeah lets do it	/ / war elephants start marching to trample romans / / " hey , lactavius , just spit-balling here . we have all this oil , and the pigs are

1 nico rosberg can be the first german driver in a german team to win the german gp since rudolf caracciola in 1939	1939 eh ... interesting time for german nationalism
2 no kidding . hitler was a motorsports fan and a big proponent of the silver arrows . both mercedes and auto union were publically funded , and all the drivers	i remember driving an old auto union car in gran turismo 4 . drivers must have been insane back then .
3 i'm sure people will say the same thing about drivers today in 50 years . that was normality to them . also , the 1937 gp mod for rfactor 1	no they won't . the cars from then were so dangerous compared to our modern formula . in all eventuality they'll comment how primitive hybrid technology was in 2014 .

1 scrubs is based of a real life jds ' ( named dr . jonathan doris ) experiences as a resident . his name and those of the other medical advisors	this title sucks .
2 what do you expect ? op's no superman .	badam .. dam

1 billie piper ( the actress who played rose tyler in doctor who ) divorced from her wealthy husband , she opted not to claim any money from him , stating	[ that thumbnail does not do her justice . ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4FojpHO.jpg )
2 blimey	secret diary of a call girl is worth checking out ... she isn't nude too often but enough

1 jehovah's witnesses have falsely predicted the end of the world 20 times .	falsely predicted ... almost as if they've made the entire thing up ...

1 in japan , houses depreciate like cars , and after as little as 20 years are considered worthless enough to be demolished and replaced .	cus all dose paper walls innit ?
2 im trying to decipher your accent . london or texas ? although texas would be more ainnit , innit ?	i'm afraid my joke was lost on all but the silent few ..

1 there was an attempt to assassinate george w . bush on the morning on 9/11 . his assassins were turned away because they didn't have an appointment to meet with	" hi , i'm here to see the president . " " i'm sorry , you don't seem to have an appointment . " " well damn , knew i

1 if queen elizabeth lives for exactly two more years , she will be the longest lived british monarch ever	but only if she lives for * exactly * two more years . any more and she is automatically disqualified .
2 " three is * right out * "	we need those bots that do the holy hand grenade of antioch bit from monty python .

1 during wwii , a german and british aeroplane shot each other down in norway , and the crew met and then helped each other survive . two of them then	this reminds me of a similar incident , in which a german pilot escorted a severely damaged american bomber to safety . the two pilots met for a drink 40
2 guess where that guy moved after the war ? canada because he's such a nice guy .	soory but what's that joke all aboot eh ?

1 alcoholics anonymous contains enough religious elements that mandating someone to attend aa is in violation of the first amendment of the constitution	i am currently in felony drug court and i have to go multiple times per week . i think i get more out of an aa meeting than i do
2 but the secular options are just as good . " s . m . a . r . t . recovery " is a good alternative	i'm not going to argue for one or against another . if people get help , then the program works
3 this . why the hell argue about which is better ? if it works , it works . if it's not to your liking , find something else .	this is reddit . any comment that is pro-religious in nature is down voted . people who claim that religion or spirituality has benefits are deemed as superstitious morons ,

1 piss from the maned wolf smells like marijuana and one day had police searching for pot smokers at a dutch zoo . the officers were really just smelling wolf piss	i would have also accepted : " piss from the maned wolf smells absolutely nothing like marijuana , but despite that fact , officers were smelling wolf piss thinking they
2 yeah it really smells more like skunk . i hear folks call some weed " skunk weed " , but i've never smelled weed that literally smelled like a skunk	you're missing out man

1 in the 1600 ' s london was plagued by an attacker who would grab unaccompanied women , lift their dress , smack their bare bottoms and yell " spanko !	as a londoner , i would like to think this that this chap was a relative of mine
2 if a typical generation is 20 years ( from 1680 to now , that is ) then we can estimate that about 17 generations have passed since spanko's time .	that my friend is damn impressive , seeing some of the people from my gene pool , i reckon you would shorten those odds . i have tracked one of

1 " jesus " and " joshua " are the same name in greek . jesus christ means " joshua the annointed "	additionally , joshua means " god rescues " . that is jesus ' name , and " christ " is a title taken from the semitic concept of the "

1 the first animal to ask an existential question was from a parrot named alex . he asked what color he was , and learned that it was " grey "	the bird is the word .

1 steve jobs called his lsd experiences " one of the two or three most important things [ he had ] done in [ his ] life "	" it's so clear to me now ! use oppressed chinese communist labor who can't demand rights ! "

1 tim duncan grew up in the us virgin islands where he was gearing up for the 1992 olympics as a competitive swimmer until hurricane hugo destroyed the island's only olympic-sized	i hope it works out for him .
2 oh snap , i didn't even notice . go gators !	i came up to alaska from gainesville fl to be a tour guide for the cruise ships . i probably see 3 gator fans a day . go gators .

1 the band the postal service was sent a cease and desist letter by the us postal service for trademark infringement of their name . after negotiations , the usps allowed	it was probably their plan all along .
2 i would have held out for a stamp with my picture on it .	i thought op was referring to usps

1 actor steve buscemi was a new york city fire fighter from 1980 to 1984 . he showed up at his old firehouse the day after 9/11 in new york to	this is always being posted . get something original .

1 christopher walken , christopher lloyd , chevy chase , john lithgow , and jeff goldblum were all considered for the role of egon in the film ghostbusters .	fuck . i want to see christopher walken as egon right now . then maybe christopher lloyd , then john lithgow , and maybe jeff goldblum . chevy chase sucks

1 at the end of the gulf war , 20 people died in kuwait due to falling bullets from celebratory gunfire	in pakistan , we have a massive problem with people firing at celebrations . i recall a wedding near our house , celebratory firing killed a child , huzzah for

1 south africans call traffic lights " robots " .	the south african term that confuses the heck out of me is " just now " . the first time i heard it i was having dinner with my sa
2 don't forget ' now now ' , which could mean anything from 5 mins to 12 years . we don't like to be held to timeframes in cape town .	which was derived from the afrikaans " nou-nou " and " netnou "

1 about one of the strangest games ever played .	i live in barbados ... and had no idea this happened .

1 doritos changed cooler ranch to cool ranch in the 90 ' s . i'm not crazy	and then changed them to barely-any-flavour ranch a few years after .

1 the dog that played toto in the wizard of oz was paid a salary that was higher than the actors who played the munchkins	well duh , we're talking about toto here ! munchkins are replaceable ... and delicious

1 , contrary to decades of hearing " you know , the giant panda isn't really a bear , " that the giant panda is actually a bear .	dude , pretty sure you're thinking of koalas . everyone knows pandas are bears . also , just fyi , red pandas aren't bears .
2 there actually was debate for a long time among biologists as to whether the panda was a weird bear or a weird racoon until it was genetically tested to settle	i'd really like to meet the guy who looked at a giant panda and said , " you guys , i think this is a raccoon . "

1 the oleander is the official flower of the city of hiroshima because it was the first to bloom again after the explosion of the atomic bomb in 1945 .	what did ndaa 2013 said about nuking other countries ?

1 the flash travelled back in time , became a form of pure energy , and was the very bolt of lightning that gave him powers in the first place .	comics ! * angrily shakes fist at whole industry *
2 just shake it at dc .	it's not like " make a deal with the devil to retcon the whole universe and undo your recent marriage because it tested badly with the readers " marvel is
3 > it's not like ~ ~ " make a deal with the devil to retcon the whole universe and undo your recent marriage because it tested badly with the readers	this shit is going to be retconned soooooooo hard .

1 during the american revolution , many untrained american soldiers used bayonets to cook meat over fires rather than using them for close combat . after receiving bayonet combat training from	what the hell was the training ? with prussian accent : " okay guys , those things you use for meat cooking , you can stab people with them as
2 this " prussian accent " would actually just be german ,	maybe all germans just have prussian accents ...

1 shooting on " no country for old men " had to be shut down because of the smoke clouds drifting over from the nearby set of " there will be	coincidentally , one of those movies is in my top 3 favorites , and the other is in my top 3 most hated films i've ever watched . not that

1 most antidepressants ( ssris ) cause sexual side effects in 70 % of patients and can cause permanent sexual problems and loss of genital sensations year after usage is discontinued	i take welbutrin and fluvoxamine and my libido is as good as ever . it was the birth control pills that i took for a while that killed it .

1 sand tiger shark embryos fight each other in their mother's womb . the survivor is born .	most badass way to get born
2 it happens sometimes with humans . fetuses killing each other in the womb .	.. i don't think that is quite the same thing .

1 chest hair grows in mathematical patterns .	are there any non-mathematical patterns ?

1 during a pledge drive , a dj at a portland , or radio station promised that the station would never play " stairway to heaven " again if someone made	[ no stairway ... denied . ] ( http://img.pandawhale.com/94144-no-stairway-to-heaven-denied-g-okxD.gif )
2 nice job . about as relevant as a gif gets [ ! ] ( http://giant.gfycat.com/ReadyMammothGuineapig.gif )	yes it's very impressive that he found such a gif involving such an obscure reference that everyone on he planet over 30 remembers .
3 really any male over 25 knows .	... over 12 more like

1 in the star wars universe , " spice " is actually drugs and han solo was a drug smuggler previous to meeting luke skywalker .	han solo started out as a swoop racer for a band of criminals that went from planet to planet using children to steal , eventually becomming an imperial officer who
2 did he fuck up dengar's shit before or after becoming an imperial ?	before .

1 only 2 people ( to date ) have beaten george costanza's fictional frogger high score of 860,630 points .	however , nobody has been able to fit a third initial into the high score screen as he did , or explain why the power never went out at that
2 the power never going out bothered me too . does anyone know if the power going out / unplugging the machine actually resets all the high scores ?	on most of the original arcade cabinets it used to . some particular cabinets would also reset if you gave them a swift knee to the front panel .

1 in 1953 , ronald maddison , a 20 - year old royal air force engineer died while acting as a guinea pig for sarin gas testing at porton down ,	yeah , the title kinda doesn't mention he had no real clue what he was going in for . it's a bit like being recruited to test a new flavour
2 that flavor wouldn't sell very well . no repeat business , at least	at least , no customer complains ever .

1 harold ramis told stephen tobolowsky that the entire progress of groundhog day covered 10,000 years . tobolowsky always thought that there were 9 days represented in the film - but	i disagree i say 10 years

1 about half of swedens population watches donald duck every christmas eve since 1960	and the norwegain population too ! dont forget fucking norway !
2 think your capslock key got stuck from all the butter .	lmao !

1 the events in " we didn't start the fire " are in chronological order .	duh !

1 actress toni collette faked appendicitis so well when she was eleven that doctors removed it , even though their tests showed there was nothing wrong .	why the fuck would you want to have your appendix removed if you weren't having any problems ? what an idiot .
2 or a little crazy . either she * really * wanted to get out of school for a while , or she really likes attention .	wait a sec , an actress and desperate for attention as a child ? my god , i bet that never happens . ;)

1 a us circuit court decided that nancy grace " played fast and loose " with her ethical duties in her lawyer days , and that she " demonstrated her disregard	a discredited mouth piece with nothing to lose , perfect candidate for mainstream news .

1 the longest ever recorded sniper kill was shot from 2,475 meters or 1.54 miles away by british coh craig harrison . the bullet took over 6 seconds to reach its	the longest shot with a gun is 2.3 miles iirc , but that's in an apache helicopter .
2 if you're going to include aircraft mounted chain guns , you might as well include all types of projectile weapons such as artillery , which can fire shells much farther	longest artillery kill is probably 20 + miles , but that would be a pure guess .
3 i know a guy that was killed by an icbm .	he should have bought a mac !

1 the word " sniper " refers to a hunter skilled enough to shoot a snipe , a small and fast bird .	* * wo lou lou wo lou lou * *
2 get out of here , priest ! no converts today !	just use a catapult . there is nothing more satisfying than obliterating a slow-ass enemy priest with a catapult as he tries to waddle away .

1 after the sinking of the rms titanic ( 1500 lives claimed ) , a federal law was passed requiring a complete set of lifeboats . the added weight of the	oh so titanic gets all the attention with a movie and everything but not this ? smh edit : i need to use / s more edit 2 : thanks
2 a really boring movie about a ship topling over in port	they could always add a romantic subplot .
3 and super stupid cheesy music .	or we could just add the benny hill theme , speed up the footage and post it to youtube

1 three bodies were found in a storage room on the uss west virginia when she was re-floated after pearl harbor . a calendar kept by the men indicated that they	x-post to / r / morbidreality

1 according to the official cards against humanity rules , the player who pooped last goes first as judge	best rule i never knew about ...
2 do you make a habit of never reading the rule instructions for games ? it's * literally * on the paper with the rules . the one on top of	or i was introduced to the game by a friend and when i bought the game myself i felt i had a good enough understanding of the game to not
3 he's an idiot . unless it's everyone's first time playing a game , no one reads the rules and someone just explains then to the other players .	literally everyone just says it's " dirty apples to apples " and you start playing

1 the oldest christian manuscripts list goliath's height at " four cupits and a span " , about 6 ft . tall	2 meters is just under 6 ' 7 " . even not a " giant " still a big mother fucker . i'd a hit that bitch with a bottle
2 remember how much smaller everyone was back then . when your average height was somewhere in the order of five foot , someone who's 6 ' 7 " is a	thats actually a bit of a misconception , hunter gatherers had much greater access to meat than farmers did , height actually declined a lot in the transition and moved
3 i haven't read the bible but ... , i'm pretty sure the story of david and goliath isn't about hunter gatherers . considering david later on becomes king . i'm	the did do car insurance commercials for a while though .

1 the last descendant of abraham lincoln died in 1985	girl in one of my classes claims to be a direct descendant on her mothers side or something .
2 a pal i was in boy scouts with was a relative by marriage . didn't seem like such a crazy claim to dispute .	actually , my family is related to mary todd lincoln somehow .
3 in the mid 90 ' s i had a substitute teacher that was very proud to tell the class that her husband was a descendant of lincoln . this was	that's kind of shitty to gloat about it though .

1 clocks today move clockwise because sundials were first used in the northern hemisphere .	never would have thought of it . other til is that til doesn't stand for thing i learned .

1 shakira was banned from her school choir because her music teacher didn ’ t think she could sing and ' sounded like a goat '	shakira had a well-trained music teacher . edit : thank you for the gold , kind stranger ! i am eternally grateful ! :)
2 i would hate having to conduct a choir with shakira in it . i can think of exactly zero people who could blend with her . dear op , choirs	imagine a choir of shakiras singing the carol of the bells . this really needs to happen on snl

1 after reading the script to schindler's list , composer john williams said to spielberg " you need a better composer " to which spielberg replied " i know , but	i love that john williams was brought in for the most epic student film project ever .
2 care to elaborate ? i'm genuinely interested . was schindler's list a student project ?	yeah . spielberg never finished college . went back , had to do a senior student film . handed in schindler's list .

1 in the original novel dracula , count dracula could turn into a wolf .	some lore says that werewolves can become vampires when they die .
2 there even appears to be some confusion between the two . like how the silver bullet is a weakness of both . also , the french " loup-garou " refers	for anyone wondering , " loup-garou " and " loogaroo " would be pronounced the same way . appropriate username , by the way .

1 spaghetti marinara wasn't invented until the new world was discovered , since tomatoes came from the aztecs . before that , pasta was eaten plain with no sauce ... with	i still eat pasta without sauce , is that so weird ?

1 the hindenburg was originally designed to use non-flammable helium but the usa refused to export any resulting in the hydrogen based construction .	i think i read somewhere that it took 37 seconds to burn completely and the radio announcer was the air the entire time and was abjectly horrified

1 according to a 2011 poll , paris hilton is the most unpopular celebrity among americans , with 60 % of the responders having an unfavorable opinion on her .	she's still three times more popular than congress . hilton 2012

1 enough cheese was produced in 2011 to give each person on earth 3 kg of cheese .	some of you really don't eat much cheese . i must go through more than 3kg of standard cheddar alone in a year . never mind all the other cheeses

1 in 2004 , j . k . rowling became the first person to become a billionaire by writing books .	i feel like it isn't really accurate to say that with the movie royalties i imagine she banked a lot of money from .
2 including movie royalties , i would have thought steven king would be a billionaire by now	cocaine is expensive .

1 in the borat dvd release , choosing the hebrew language option results in a warning screen reading " you have been trapped , jew ! " which warns the viewer	* in my country there is problem ... *

1 , after jesse owens won 4 gold medals in the 1936 olympics held in berlin , adolf hitler sent owens a commemorative inscribed cabinet photograph of himself . honors were	yeah , i was in that thread a few hours ago too . it was the one with the picture if a protester holding a sign that says " we

1 tony hawk has an i . q . of 144	those huge helmets come in handy .

1 david spade did not attend his close friend chris farley's funeral because he " could not be in a room where chris was in a box . "	they should have stuck his body in a van and left it down by the river . edit - thank you !
2 they call it a minnesota viking funeral .	[ are you trying to kill him a second time ? ] ( http://cdn.images.insidelacrosse.com/legacy/imagesimages/dabears.jpg )
3 [ no . ] ( https://youtu.be/om9iiDfFss8 )	" yes "

1 smoking makes breasts sag faster than normal by breaking down a protein in the skin called elastin , which gives youthful skin its elastic appearance and supports the breast .	my girlfriend doesn't believe me when i tell her this . she's a redditor so babe , quit smoking . you're going to be all " national geographic . "

1 doug williams is the only black qb to win a super bowl	air mcnair was literally only a yard away . sigh
2 ... from tying the game .	so funny how people forget this bit . just like the cundiff kick in the afc championship game .
3 probably my biggest pet peeve in football knowledge . 1 yard from having the ability to tie with an extra point . they were down 7 !	heartbreaking then , and still heartbreaking now .

1 tim duncan of the san antonio spurs sacrificed money and stayed in college for four years instead of going directly to the nba because in her last days , his	don't forget this : [ timmy d also took a pay cut to keep the spurs roster together ] ( http://sports.yahoo.com/blogs/nba-ball-dont-lie/tim-duncan-cut-paycheck-half-san-antonio-spurs-161015938--nba.html ) . truly a beast .

1 clint eastwood was in a plane which crashed into the sea . he and the pilot escaped the sinking aircraft and swam 3 miles to safety .	laying to rest any argument that clint eastwood isn't completely badass
2 born 11 lbs , 6 oz . badass from day one .	his poor mother .
3 we found a mom here ^	... now what

1 chuck palahniuk's ( the author of fight club ) father was brutally murdered in 1999 and chuck was asked to be part of the decision as to whether the killer	i guess you don't get to be that great of a writer without having a lot of shit happen to you . is he still writing a lot ? i
2 damned was okay at best . it's readable , but compared to his earlier works ( invisible monsters , fight club , survivor , ... ) the plot twist was	i thought haunted was very well done , though . made me cringe .

1 the twin towers were designed to withstand the impact of a boeing 707 .	to bad they weren't designed to withstand a controlled demolition .
2 if they destroyed the buildings with controlled explosive , why the fuck would they fly a plane into the buildings .	how do you reckon they got controlled explosives into a building with so many people in and around it all the time ? also , it absolutely was not a

1 the nazis planned to have the native americans rebel against the us government , after which the nazis would give the native americans back their land .	hey guys ! change of plans , we're actually gonna " resettle " you in poland , just climb in this train , never mind that weird smell , we're

1 : when asked about atheists pope francis replied " they are our valued allies in the commitment to defending human dignity , in building a peaceful coexistence between peoples and	at least he points out positive things . i'm tired of christian leaders crapping on unbelievers .

1 seagulls can drink saltwater , since they have special glands which filter out the salt .	let's all go drink salt water until we evolve with this .
2 i miss seaquest dsv .	i drowned so many action figures because of that show . love it .

1 in ancient rome , if people wished to commit suicide , they applied to the senate and , if their petitions were approved , were given free hemlock .	hemlock can kill me ? time to find some hemlock ...

1 fast food restaurant ' nando's ' will allow anyone to eat free for life if they can prove they have been to every nando's restaurant in the world .	photoshop skills are a must .

1 muslims believe that all human beings are born pure . children automatically go to heaven when they die , regardless of the religion of their parents	my religion is better than your religion .

1 blue moon beer is made by millercoors , but miller coors doesn't seem to want anyone to know that	isn't that a common practice ? i think that most mass produced beers are this way .

1 buzz aldrin's mother's maiden name was moon .	always relevant : http://youtu.be/1wcrkxOgzhU

1 will smith's wife is in a metal band .	i saw her open for sevendust , it was more awkward than anything . the whole crowd was just standing there watching her go crazy and pour water on herself

1 in the belorussian parliament , 98 out of 110 of mp's aren't affiliated with a political party and are independents .	passing new laws must be so much fun in belarus .

1 on the set of rocky iv , lundgren ( ivan drago ) punched sylvester stallone so hard that he had to be sent to the hospital , where they thought	" i fell down some stairs .. "
2 " i overcooked the roast ... "	" i used too much spice in the sauce .. "

1 the confederate battle flag , the modern day symbol associated with the civil war , was never formally adopted by the confederate congress nor flew at any state capitols .	these threads are always fun because all it ends up being is a bunch of kids trying to explain one the most complex points in u . s . history
2 it's not complicated at all , people are terrible . people from the southern united states even more so .	found one .
3 heeeeeeey , you're not clever for pointing out that i'm ironically doing what he said someone would do .	i am upvoting you because people on reddit don't seem to understand sarcasm unless you put the / s and that just makes me sad .

1 your leg can get paralyzed if you sit on your wallet too much .	george is gettin ' upset !

1 the russian navy has decided to resume production of the absolutely insane lun class ekranoplan flying boat .	i can't wait to see one in action .

1 it takes up to 12 months for a baby to understand the concept of " object permanence " - the idea that an object continues to exist when it is	babies are so goddamned stupid , i swear .

1 tickling was a form of torture used in ancient china on nobility because it left no mark and recovery was quick .	hell i could probably last longer being waterboarded compared to being tickled .

1 at one point the pittsburgh penguins owed mario lemieux so much money that he used the debt as equity to purchase the team	pittsburgh-er here , we all love mario . he is the definition of ' class act ' . besides everything already mentioned here , he actually had crosby , the
2 ovechkin ! ! !	sucks

1 finding nemo had the opposite effect that was intended . despite its negative portrayal of keeping fish in aquariums , the use of clownfish prompted the demand for aquariums to	not to mention all the kids who flushed their fish down the toilet to " set them free "

1 canada sterilized indigenous school girls till the mid 1990s	absolutely terrible ! does this qualify as genocide ? sounds like it was an attempt to wipe out a people .

1 in 2000 , people magazine voted neil degrasse tyson " sexiest astrophysicist alive . "	i'm pretty sure they know a lot of astrophysicist

1 " the lord of the rings : the return of the king " is the first and only fantasy film ever to win an academy award for " best picture	wasn't avatar fantasy ?

1 subway's most popular sandwich , the italian bmt , is named for ' brooklyn manhattan transit ' , literally a subway	people wikipedia subway

1 johnny depp , jude law , and colin farrell gave their entire salaries from the movie " the imaginarium of doctor parnassius " to heath ledger's daughter .	i randomly found this movie on netflix when it was in their streaming collection . i legit thought it was one of the better movies i've ever seen . it's

1 ol ' dirty bastard saw a car accident and he and his friend helped a 4 year old girl to the hospital.using a fake name , he visited the girl	my uncle was a detective in staten and was asked to take odb in for questioning on a robbery . my uncle says he was one of the nicest guys
2 i asked rza if odb really was as crazy as people say . he said times ten .	he's just joking . he might have done some crazy shit with his friends but he knows how to control himself . edit : oh fuck my inbox
3 there's a story of someone who drove him around and they said he had sex with 3 prostitutes in the back of the car and he shit all over the	[ ask and ye ' shall receive ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/2f2iy9/tifu_the_story_of_when_i_took_old_dirty_bastard/ )

1 brittany murphy's husband died in the same way , in the same house as her , just 5 months later	maybe randy quaid was right about starwackers . http://nymag.com/daily/entertainment/2010/12/randy_and_evi_quaid.html
2 my first thought was this . it's compelling enough for the canucks to let them stay ...	no i'm pretty sure we kicked him out as for his wife we couldn't since she was found to be a " prima facie canadian citizen " .

1 the governor of new york wrote an article in 1919 warning of a " holocaust " against " six million " jews in europe	i don't mean to offend anyone but i think that many people seem to forget that the holocaust killed 11 million people , 5 million weren't jews .
2 the death toll for that war was about 70 million people killed .	25 million russians

1 when taco bell attempted to enter mexico their food was labeled as " authentic american food "	to be fair , if it was in spanish it might have been " americano " , which refers to all of the americas .

1 eight of the july 20th , 1944 conspirators to assassinate hitler were punished so severely , that they were slowly strangled with piano wire and revived multiple times only to	the 8th of the 20th of july ?

1 in 1996 oprah winfrey was sued for causing $ 11 million in damages to cattle farmers simply for mentioning that she would not eat another burger after a show about	ahh freedom of speech in action :)

1 milkshakes were originally alcoholic	i hope the milkshakes are recovering . rehab can be tough .

1 south korea , despite having completed the transistion to digital broadcast ( atsc ) in 2012 , still maintains analogue broadcast near its borders for north koreans watching south korean	i wonder what north koreans would be thinking when they watch south korean dramas . i've watched a few of them ( mostly because my mother does ) , all
2 north koreans have their own internet and cell phones .	overstatement of the year .

1 herostratus burned down one of the ancient wonders of the world ( temple of artemis ) in an attempt to always be remembered . the ephesians executed him and made	i guess you could say it back fired on them .

1 there was a " back to the future " animated series that ran from 1991-1992 . the show was not popular , but it featured live-action segments where christopher lloyd	i remember watching that show on the fox box , but i had no idea bill nye was in it ! also , dan castellaneta was doc brown .

1 both ancient greek and egyptian medicine recognized obesity as a medical disorder . hippocrates wrote that " corpulence is not only a disease itself , but the harbinger of others	* triggered *
2 i know this will get heavily downvoted , but i have to be honest and say that i think fat people are gross .	so brave

1 conan o'brien is credited as the key influence in the simpsons change from grounded realism towards surreal and zany plots after he wrote the episode , " marge vs .	leonard nimoy : my job here is done . barney gumble : what do you mean ? you didn't do anything . leonard nimoy : [ chuckles ] didn't i

1 there have been nine different studies on dare ( drug abuse resistance education ) and all agree that the program does nothing or worsens the problem	yes , but don't let facts get in the way of vote winning ideas .
2 i don't know about where you live but in my town it's been discontinued .	the uk , so no . we called it something else , equally useless .

1 mother teresa did not administer painkillers to those infirmed in her homes for the dying ( one could " hear the screams of people having maggots tweezered from their open	a sensationalist " documentary " by hitchens , ridiculously uncritical regurgitation by penn and teller , a wikipedia paragraph with a single citation referring to anecdotal evidence , and now
2 hitchens actually visited one of teresa's homes for the dying and interviewed her one-on-one . it's hard to get closer to your source than that .	visiting her work and interviewing her personally doesn't mean the issues get presented accurately and in their appropriate context . i'm just saying that the hate on mother teresa is

1 the last of a 3 foot penguin-like animal were killed by scottish villagers because it was thought to be a witch	clicked this link ... ended up donating $ 20 to wikipedia ... i blame you grundlfourous .

1 indonesia realized dead manta rays are worth $ 500 whereas manta ray tourism brought in $ 1,000 , 000 over the life of a single ray . indonesia is now	kenya realized that the wildlife keeps money coming into their country a few years ago . i was swimming near mombasa a few years ago , in someplace i shouldn't
2 > they were cool when they realized i was just a dumbass . my autobiography .	pretty much

1 of a man who would inject himself with snake venom in an effort to build up an immunity . he lived to be 100 , survived 172 snakebites , and	you sir , on the same episode of qi as myself .

1 there is a zombie fly , eating the brain of the fire ant and controlling it for 2 weeks , resulting in the head of the ant falling off and	putting this whole " zombie " trend aside , parasites are some of the coolest kinds of species on earth .

1 a whip makes its cracking noise because the whip's tip breaks the sound barrier and what you hear is actually a small sonic boom .	[ gif ] ( http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view2/1274903/whip-crack-sonic-boom-o.gif ) you can see the sound waves coming from the whip .

1 south africans call traffic lights " robots " .	and roundabouts ' circles ' . getting directions from my south-african born girlfriend is hilarious .
2 circle is a lot shorter than roundabout , robot is a lot shorter than traffic light . no wonder we use those terms :D some other interesting facts : many	dude ! ! don't forget lekker !
3 pretty sure lekker is dutch for nice .	it's almost as if afrikaans is an offshoot of dutch .

1 if your phone's gps tracks going over 1,000 mph , it legally is required to deactivate as it probably means it's being used to guide a missile .	hmmm ... note to self : slow down missile's speed to 995mph ...
2 the article says it's 1,000 knots ( approximately 1,151 mph or 1,852 km / h ) at 60,000 feet . so speed your shit back up .	i put all of my missiles on cruise control

1 the catholic church considers the theory of evolution to be " virtually certain " , and believes that intelligent design " isn't science even though it pretends to be .	i hope our pope is successful in toning down the rhetoric against homosexuality . i truly believe there is a place for all people in the church .

1 on iron chef america the chefs have a 45 minute strategy session after the secret ingredient is revealed before they start cooking	i actually work on iron chef america . i can assure you there is no " 45 minute strategy session . " after ingredient reveal , there is a 10
2 well , in the op's defense , it's rather * * rare * * for the internet to be wrong .	i was explaining this thread to my wife and she offered , " so , people are like , ' the cameras on iron chef , they lie ! '

1 in february 2012 , lehigh university of pennsylvania released a study that priced the death star based on the cost of steel to produce it . it believed that in	what is a death star and why would anyone want to make something called the death star ?

1 the chinese philosopher zhuangzi first proposed the " matrix philosophy " after dreaming he was a butterfly . " now i do not know whether i was then a man	i would imagine it was a lot like this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwZTZZV1D7g

1 it takes over 1,000 years in man hours to construct a single virginia class nuclear submarine	at $ 2707.1 m each , that's around $ 1350 per man hour . considering the materials and quality checks required , that's not too bad .

1 mark wahlberg had committed 20-25 offenses by the age of 21 . these included throwing rocks at a bus full of black schoolchildren and knocking a vietnamese man unconscious and	but he's good-looking , so it doesn't count .

1 michael keaton refused 15,000 , 000 to play batman forever because tim burton was dropped as its director .	never turn down money or pussy .

1 there's a man in england who , after reading a book about king arthur , was astonished to see so many similarities between himself and the arthur of the book	that wikipedia article seems a little biased . ' victorious ' in relation to a legal dispute is perhaps a bit much .

1 at the moment john lennon was pronounced dead a beatles song came over the hospital's sound system .	what's up with the thumbnai ?
2 that's john lennon and his wife yoko ono . john lennon was in the beatles and that photo is famous .	also that photo was taken like 2 hours before he was shot

1 genghis khan once sent a 500 man caravan to establish trade ties , only to receive nothing in return and to have the whole caravan executed . genghis khan responded	i guess chekov got off lucky ... all he got was a mean looking bug in his ear ...

1 a soldier in world war 1 performed a battlefield-esque maneuver when he fell out of and landed back in his plane whilst attempting a loop	bullshit

1 oskar schindler , who saved over 1100 jews in wwii by employing them , spent all his fortune on bribes and black market purchases for his workers . after the	this is really fascinating . they should make a movie

1 anorexia has the highest mortality rate of any mental illness . between 5 % and 20 % of people who suffer from the disease eventually die from it .	5-20 % is a pretty big range isn't it ? between 1 out of 20 people to 1 out of 5 people will die from it .

1 while he was writing the score for the last samurai , hans zimmer felt that his knowledge of japanese music was very limited even after doing extensive research . when	knowing how japanese people interact with foreigners , i'd say there's a very good chance they were just being polite .
2 i want to live in japan then - when is being polite a bad thing ?	it is fake polite . saying one thing and meaning another . it ( used to be ) a very valued trait to be able to talk that way more
3 it's also a very british thing . we're too polite to speak our mind .	... and i've always found that part of british mentality to be unbearable . also , the amount of smartass subtext in british talking is just plain ridiculous .

1 in 1947 boxer sugar ray robinson backed out of his welterweight championship fight because he dreamt that he would kill his opponent , jimmy doyle . after a minister convinced	most depressing " i told you so " ever

1 clinically proven stem cell treatments for arthritis and tendon damage have been available in america since 2005 ... for dogs and horses .	run fido , run ! daddy's gonna need a new heart some day !

1 the founder of scientology , l . ron hubbard , was the commander of a submarine chaser during ww2 . he was relieved of his command after the ship inadvertently	that's not all he got written up for having a something like 48 hour battle with an imaginary submarine . the guy was a putz .

1 a koi fish named hanako lived for 225 years	two of the biggest health concerns among koi breeders are the koi herpes virus ( khv )
2 what's the other one ?	simplex 1 and simplex 2 , duh .

1 lance armstrong owns a coffee shop called juan pelota cafe . juan is a homophone for " one " and " pelota " is spanish for ball .	bullshit . you can't trust anything about lance .

1 dr pepper lost the " . " in the 1950s , in part due to a desire to remove medical connotations .	there is , in fact , [ a novelty account ] ( http://www.reddit.com/user/NoPeriodInDrPepper ) devoted to exposing this little bit of trivia to everyone .

1 weird al yankovic has never accepted any outside ideas or titles for a song , with one exception - madonna herself asked when he was going to turn " like	enough weird al

1 most senior animators at disney chose to work on pocahontas rather than the lion king as many at disney had little faith in the project , leaving mostly first time	lion king is a better movie , but you're out of your mind if you don't think pocahontas has better animation . the " colours of the wind " sequence
2 > colours of the wind for those who want to see it : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pk33dTVHreQ	jeez , that's beautiful . i didn't really care for the movie as a kid , so i didn't remember it being that well-done at all .

1 assisted suicide is legal in belgium , luxembourg , the netherlands , switzerland and three american states ( oregon , washington , and montana ) .	holy crap i had no idea this was legal in the u . s . at all .

1 the lion king game led to the creation of direct x	that game was hard as shit .
2 i went over to my girlfriend's parents house after dating her for three years and we got bored so she pulled out her snes . i saw that she had	i call bullshit , it's not possible to beat scar .
3 you have to throw him off the edge which is bullshit because they don't even tell you how	you sort of roll your thumb over all three buttons on the megadrive controller , add some magic , and then he throws him . but if remember right you

1 one french-canadian soldier liberated the entire dutch town of zwolle during the course of an action-packed night in 1944 , burning down gestapo hq and taking more than 100 german	he got zwolle .

1 a massachusetts court ruled that a sandwich must contain two slices of bread , thus legally barring tacos , burritos , and quesadillas from being called " sandwiches . "	maybe it's me , but what defines the difference between " bread " and a tortilla ? they are both pade out of flour ( or corn in the tortillas

1 white castle burgers have 5 holes punched in each patty so they cook faster and don't need to be flipped .	did somebody say in-n-out ? !

1 during wwii , a german and british aeroplane shot each other down in norway , and the crew met and then helped each other survive . two of them then	the movie based on this made $ 704 at box office . total .
2 it's down as only being showed in one cinema domestically with nothing foreign . http://www.boxofficemojo.com/movies/?id=intothewhite.htm	i wouldn't trust those numbers . imdb mentions low numbers like that , one screen * in the us * ... ... but it's a norwegian film . - -

1 uzbekistan and liechtenstein are the only landlocked countries that are surrounded only by landlocked countries	this is the best useless fact that i have ever learnt
2 more interesting than the lake on an island in a lake on an island in a lake on an island in a lake ?	i think it is more interesting than taal

1 taurine , a common ingredient in energy drinks , was first isolated from the bile of an ox , but now is synthesized in labs . cat food is required	so what about the time before catfood ? how did cat's get taurine ?
2 before commercialized cat food , cats were fed or found whole prey ( mice , rats , birds ) . this bones / meat / organs mixture contained enough taurine	so it's in everything except cat food until they added it to cat food . ok

1 ernest hemingway killed himself , and so did his father , sister , brother and other relatives .	i think this is why i haven't offed myself . i don't want anyone in my family to think it's an option .

1 anderson cooper is the great-great-great grandson of cornelius vanderbilt .	the silver fox strikes again

1 jousting is the official state sport of maryland	lacrosse is also the state sport , state team sport . and our state motto is fan-fucking-tastic .

1 it was christopher lee's lifelong dream to play gandalf . he auditioned for the role but was given the part of saruman instead , because they thought he was too	imdb has a lot of interesting stuff about lee and his love of the series . he is the only cast member who ever actually met tolkein , and when
2 this gave me a sad . :( although mckellen was awesome as gandalf at least . edit : not to mention that lee rocked the role of saruman .	even worse , christopher lee had a bunch of his scenes cut from the theatrical version of the movies . i believe they were added back in for the extended

1 : an elderly couple was unable to remove three kirby vacuum salesmen from their home for over five hours ; a disabled woman living in a mobile home on $	my parents got suckered into buying a kirby vacuum as did my mother-in-law . seeing them makes me so angry .

1 in the 1896 u . s . election , william mckinley won despite the fact that he campaigned from the front porch of his home in ohio while his opponent	wasn't what bryan did atypical for the time ? most of the candidates before him thought it was beneath them to do that and would just write letters to their

1 : reggae is actually derived from ska , and not the opposite .	don't get the ska fans started on this . it can get really annoying . edit : i say this as a ska fan edit 2 : i say this
2 yeah ska and third generation ska are very different . they are similar in the rhythm , but that's about it	hang on , there's more than just two types of ska . there's reggae-ish original ska like the skatalites , there's two-tone like the specials and then there's third wave
3 did you forget 2nd wave ? no prizes for guessing where that fits in !	second wave is ' two-tone ' . it's just generally called two-tone and not second wave .

1 roy e . disney was responsible for the ousting of michael eisner as disney chairmen in 2005 ; saying that eisner had made disney a " rapacious and soul-less "	i got an e-mail from my mom that said that roy disney would send me to disneyworld if i forwarded the e-mail to all my friends . never got my

1 harriet tubman carried a gun with her on the underground railroad . if a runaway slave threatened to give up and go back to the plantation , she would point	her famous quote was : " dead men tell no tales . "

1 the vietnamese dong has the dubious distinction of the second worst rate of exchange . $ 1 usd = $ 21,475 dong	seriously , there needs to be a tilintopgear subreddit .

1 rollercoaster tycoon was programmed in assembly by a single man , chris sawyer	yes yes yes ... he was a hard working motherfucker . however we need rct 4 now . goddamn it reddit make this happen . reddit if you can not
2 they announced a few days ago number 4 is in development .	source
3 i think i may have been trolled .	rollertrollster tycoon .

1 several acquaintances of ted bundy reported him as a suspect in a string of murders in oregon and washington but police did not believe a " clean-cut law student with	how about [ dennis rader ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dennis_Rader ) , the btk killer ? he had a degree in administration of justice , was a cub scout leader , a
2 damn kyle butler screwed it all up ...	hello ... dexter morgan .

1 all existing jfk assassination related documents will be made public by 2017	if there is anything compelling in there i'm sure it will be redacted to the point that its worthless

1 during the seige of malta , the ottoman turks tried to intimidate the knights hospitaller by executing their prisoners and floating them into the bay on crucifixes . the knights	metal as fuck

1 m - 185 on mackinac island , michigan is the only state highway in us where no motorized vehicles are allowed . travel is only by bicycles , horses or	don't forget snowmobiles are allowed in the winter ! people ride them across the ice to the island

1 lake superior has enough water to cover the entire land mass of north and south america with 1 foot of water .	whenever someone bashes on michigan , i can always ask : is your state surrounded by 4 of 5 great lakes ? sure , it never works , but i
2 michigan will always have one thing going for it : it isn't ohio . * drum snare	and ohio will always have one thing going for it : it isn't west virginia .

1 : patrick stewart once single handedly performed " a christmas carol " , playing over 40 seperate characters	i've seen everything . anyway i get on my bike and i ride off .

1 in 1927 several million people in the united states sent over 100,000 petitions urging congress to adopt the metric system .	' murrica , not using ºc master race .

1 vincent d'onofrio , not robert de nero , holds the record for most weight gained for a role in full metal jacket ( 70 lbs ) . it took him	[ til this is private pile ] ( http://i.imgur.com/PqekU.jpg )

1 on the set of rocky iv , dolph lundgren punched sylvester stallone so hard that the hospital staff thought he was hit by a car .	" sly was a much better boxer than i had expected , but i could have beaten mike tyson . i would have to train for such a match ,

1 patrick stewart lost all his hair at 18 and believed that no woman would ever be interested in him again	as an early-balding male myself , i'd like to personally thank the likes of patrick stewart and bruce willis for all their work making my one available hairstyle awesome .

1 america's main beers ( budweiser , coors , etc ) are light and relatively flavorless due to wwii making them rely on cheaper ingredients	i've heard that the reason large food and beverage companies have such bland food is because if the flavors were too strong / delicious people would tire of it more

1 the earliest piece of great literature , the epic of gilgamesh , includes a story in which gilgamesh is told to build a ship to save the animals of the	no no no you don't unlock gilgamesh until after odin dies , thats how come he can wield his blade

1 [ til ] that the nes game duck hunt had a multiplayer option in which the second person controlled the duck .	/ r / commonknowledge

1 male semen has significant health benefits for women including working as a natural antidepressant , reduction of breast cancer , etc .	* male * semen .
2 as opposed to female semen , that crap will kill you	hmm doesn't 4chan have a board for that , or something ?
3 that would be / d /	how do you do the backwards b ?

1 coldplay turned down multi-million dollar contracts from gatorade , diet coke , and gap , who wanted to use their songs . their response : " we wouldn't be able	coming from possibly the most bland , soulless band ever .
2 ah dude , you should go back to their first album parachutes . i can forgive them almost anything because of that album .	let's not get carried away . parachutes was decent at best . listen to radiohead .
3 it's not fair to compare them to radiohead . no one compares to radiohead . but parachutes and a rush of blood to the head are both fantastic - really	i like coldplay . bring on the downvotes !

1 the infinite monkey theorem , stating that monkeys with typewriters and enough time could produce the entire works of shakespeare , has been tried out in real life . they	i'm pretty sure the " * * infinite * * monkey theorem " has never been tried out .
2 i was going to ask ... where did they find infinite monkeys ?	there's a lot of monkeys in the jungle , dude . don't doubt science .

1 fox news viewers were shown to have more misconceptions than other channel's viewers	no shit .

1 the catholic church considers the theory of evolution to be " virtually certain " , and believes that intelligent design " isn't science even though it pretends to be .	it was literal interpretation back then when no one knew jackshit about stuff and as soon as its more understood and if you want to stay religious , you'd reinterpret

1 haim saban was expelled form a boarding school in israel for being a trouble maker and the principal told him “ you ’ re not cut out for academic studies	fuck yeah . power rangers .

1 over 90 % of pregnancies in the united kingdom and europe with a diagnosis of down syndrome are terminated .	that is if they are diagnosed . that requires amniocentesis , a test of amniotic sac fluids extracted with a long needle . at age 36 , i refused the

1 french and italian have a lexical similarity ( the degree of similarity between two languages ) rating of . 89 , and generally languages are considered dialects if the similarity	boopity bapa ?

1 : italian prime minister berlusconi has extensive ownership / control of the media , which caused the u . s . to downgrade italy from " free " speech ,	i live in italy , and that's totally true . nothing else to say . :\

1 louis le prince , who filmed the first ever motion pictures , disappeared without a trace in 1890 . thomas edison soon took credit as the first and sole inventor	every time i come across edison on the internet it is always about him being a dick .
2 topsyyyyy	* " i tell evveryybody ! " *

1 beck wrote and composed all of the songs on his grammy award winning album of the year ' morning phase ' whilst also playing over 15 instruments and singling vocals	he has done this on every album he has made . he hires a band to tour .
2 neeeope , he does have other people play different instruments on studio records .	it's all about what you can and can't do . if it's just a simple bass riff and beat , sure diy , if you want some funkadelic groove over

1 the average potato has lost 100 % of its vitamin a since 1951	the average potato ? so are there some that actively lose you vitamin a ? like this one lost 110 % and that one lost 90 % so the average

1 palestine was promised to the jewish people ( to build israel ) not after the holocaust but by the british after ww1 in the balfour declaration ( nov . 2nd	also the balfour declaration doesn't actually give the jewish people anything its worded that the british empire favors the creation of a jewish nation in palestine , it was created

1 the band " limp bizkit " chose their name to turn away people who judge music by the name of the artist .	at least they tried to warn people .

1 groping is so common in japan , signs warning of it are visible everywhere and train companies designate women-only cars where women can feel safe knowing they won't be groped	similar signs are posted through the subways in mexico city . they have designated areas for men and women to go in separate carts at certain times of the day

1 on the night of grigori rasputin's assassination , he was poisoned with enough cyanide to kill five men , shot four times , bound in a rug , and then	if you had bothered reading the [ recent evidence ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rasputin#Recent_evidence ) section of the same article , you'd see that is all bullshit . use common sense for

1 the fbi considers juggalos ( fans of the music group insane clown posse ) to be a " loosely organized hybrid gang "	* * i am a juggalo * * , [ ama ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/orjr2/i_am_a_juggalo_ama/ ) ? ( questions regarding magnets are welcome , as well . )
2 how much money to hold your head underwater for an hour ? water can be interchangeable with faygo for less money .	i'm sorry to disappoint you , but i will not solicit myself to this . however , i would swap the water for faygo if the circumstance ever were to
3 holy poop , a juggalo that replies in a civil manner rather than " fuk you fagget , wicked klown for lyfe , ect . ect . " sorry if	:D feel free to ask me more questions over [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/orjr2/i_am_a_juggalo_ama/ ) in my freshly started ama .

1 dean norris , the actor who plays hank schrader , attended and graduated from harvard before attending the royal academy of dramatic art ( generally regarded as one of the	excellent actor and he deserves all the praise he receives from the show . all hail hank

1 shirley phelps-roper ( westboro baptist church ) is banned from entering the uk for " fostering extremism or hatred " .	much like hitler was a jew-hating jew , i bet shirley is a lesbian hating lesbian .

1 the nobel committee declined to award the nobel peace prize in 1948 because " there was no suitable living candidate . " this was meant as tribute to mahatma gandhi	gandhi was a mysogynistic , hate mongering ass-hole . he just happened to be a pacifist ...
2 being a contrarian for karma . \ #justredditthings	[ doubt he's just being a dick . plenty of people agree with his statement . ] ( http://www.gandhism.net/gandhiandblacks.php ) can't find a better source because i'm on my phone
3 just because people agree with you doesn't make you justified .	well , no , but in this case it does . people worship gandhi way too much . he was an ok guy , buy not on the level everyone

1 : while shooting the lord of the rings , viggo mortensen ( aragorn ) often spent days hiking to the film's remote locations , in costume and carrying his sword	with all due respect to the wonderful viggo , every time i read or hear about actors doing method acting , i pause , take a deep breath , and
2 become a cobbler in italy of course .	red-headed sicilian cobbler ?

1 rickman has been with his first girlfriend since 1965 - when he was 19 years old	alan rickman has the sexiest voice on the planet . just thinking about it gives me goosebumps .
2 it would be pretty awesome if snape could give me turn by turn directions when using my gps .	turn right in three hundred and ninety four feet . you missed it you blithering idiot . make a u turn when possss ... ible .

1 human breast milk contains sugars ( oligosaccharides ) intended to feed intestinal * bacteria * , rather than the infant itself .	the human body depends on microbes . without them the body would not function correctly . some scientists even argue that they are equally important as genetics .

1 the epa and former employees sued area 51 for failure to comply with hazardous waste disposal laws . the case was thrown out on national security grounds .	didn't clinton sign a thing exempting them from epa regulations ?

1 , contrary to decades of hearing " you know , the giant panda isn't really a bear , " that the giant panda is actually a bear .	some people think panda bears are not bears .
2 i was taught in elementary school that pandas were racoons ... but i was always skeptical	red pandas are related to raccoons , not giant pandas . your teachers were silly . :D

1 ranch dressing is named as it is because it was the signature dressing of the hidden valley ranch in california and was imitated by competitors as " ranch style .	i always hated hidden valley ranch until i tried making it from the packet . it's a million times better ..
2 my wife makes it from scratch and it's amazing . i can never go back to the bottled stuff .	could you please post the recipe ? came to this thread lookin ' for a good ranch dressing recipe . =(

1 the record holder for most survived lightning strikes , at 7 , was struck while operating a truck , inside a ranger station , on two separate occasions after running	the saddest part of all this is that he was avoided late in his life by people who thought he would continue being struck by lightning and that he died

1 melanie griffith was nicknamed brainiac in 1992 , because she didn't know germans had " done bad things " to jews during world war ii until working on the set	she problably never heard of the discovery channel .

1 nguyễn ngọc loan , the executioner from the famous vietnam war photo , opened a pizza joint in virginia after the war	that general was executing a patriot who was fighting for his country's independence . don't agree ? then tell me under what circumstances you would ever support one of your
2 no matter what i'm fighting for , i don't have the right to kill innocents . and i'll deserve every single bullet i catch from doing so .	what innocents ? are you saying that people who sell their country out and support brutality against it are innocent ?

1 prince performed a cover of radiohead's " creep " at coachella , but forced youtube to remove footage that fans had taken of the performance . youtube reinstated the videos	just another copyright history story to add to this song . on top of the fact that albert hammond snr has a credit on the song because the chord struture

1 cats have infected over half of the human population with a brain-dwelling invertebrate parasite .	well fuck .

1 dwayne johnson was expected to play johnny bravo in a proposed live action movie based on the character	i never realized before how much i want the rock to do the monkey .

1 the wrestler mick foley became a fan of tori amos in 1993 . after meeting her in 2008 , he got involved in a group she started to aid abused	foley is good .
2 foley is great .	foley is god

1 margaret thatcher was reportedly more proud of becoming the first prime minister with a science degree than the first female prime minister of the united kingdom .	i find it hard to believe that no prime minister before her had a science degree .
2 why ?	now that i thought about it seems more plausible .

1 a hacker leaked half life 2 ' s source code and maps pre-release . in order to catch him , gabe tricked the hacker into thinking valve wanted to hire	too many 16 year olds now adays ... ( who were 7 years old when hl2 came out . )
2 fuck your downvotes ... its the truth .	i'm 24 years old , played the hell out of hl2 , and have never heard this story before . fuck off .

1 there are people walking around with two hearts .	they're called time lords .
2 negative . they're called klingons .	the only [ canon ] ( http://en.memory-alpha.org/wiki/Klingon#Physiology ) i can find about klingon hearts is that they have 8 chambers . can you provide a link to somewhere it explicitly

1 in 1997 the hill reported that congresswoman sheila jackson lee asked nasa officials whether the mars pathfinder photographed the u . s . flag that neil armstrong had planted on	it is impossible for a black person to be dumb , because if they are , you're a racist .

1 google tried to sell itself to excite.com in 1999 for $ 1 million . excite said no even after the price was lowered to $ 750k .	i don't really like things like this , because who's to say if excite.com bought google back then that google would be the same company , worth billions , that

1 not saying that marcel was a bad pick at # 3 in 2011 , but take a look at who else was available . buddy nix was a genius !	pretty sure i would still want to pick darius . aj green or julio jones are the only ones i would consider picking instead .
2 you're kidding , right ? i think it's way too early to call dareus a bust , but you're lying to yourself if you'd take dareus over patrick peterson ,	well .. the reason more because of the position of those players . we have ( and had ) good cb's and de's . we needed and need good dt's

1 in the 1600 ' s london was plagued by an attacker who would grab unaccompanied women , lift their dress , smack their bare bottoms and yell " spanko !	[ that dirty viicar ! ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7s9SYX7TSJ0&feature=kp )

1 queen ( the band ) is the only group that has had all of its members compose multiple # 1 hits , so in addition to the band being inducted	ahhhh ringo ... beatles , you were soooo close .
2 ringo actually had two solo number 1 hits if i'm not mistaken . " photograph " and his rendition of " you're sixteen " .	ringo co-wrote photograph with george harrison . you're sixteen was a cover .
3 so , all four beatles had a number one hit .	title says composed though

1 there's a giant hole called the devil ’ s kettle that swallows half a river and no one has any idea where it goes . over the years , researchers	it would be a great place to dump a body .
2 [ this would be a better place to dump a body . ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Door_to_Hell )	why don't they smother that out and then harvest it ?

1 there's a man who ran nonstop for 135 miles in 120f degrees across death valley , a marathon in the south pole in - 40f and did 50 marathons in	i got out of bed today

1 - an atheist by the name of madalyn murray o'hair attempted to sue nasa due to an impromptu reading of genesis by the crew of apollo 8 . because of	that isn't right . according to us military rules , you cannot deny the religious needs of another serviceman .

1 modern japanese card games like yu-gi-oh ! and pokémon were inspired by a much older card game from the edo period which featured creatures from japanese mythology .	you're telling me neither yu-gi-oh or pokemon were completely original and unique games ! ? ! ? ! ? mind blown .

1 in 2005 , an inexperienced trader at a japanese bank tried to sell 1 share of j-com stock for ¥ 640,000 . he accidentally sold 640,000 shares for ¥ 1	this kind of " fat finger trade " [ still happens ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/01/30/us-hsbc-spike-idUSBREA0T0S720140130 ) , but there are controls in place in most stock exchanges to contain this kind
2 you've probably already read the link i posted , but interestingly the tokyo stock exchange refused to stop the trade going through . that resulted in : > the tokyo	any info on where that trader is now ?

1 the last surviving tommy of ww1 died aged 111 years , 1 month , 1 week , 1 day	if only he died on 11/11 / 11

1 during a nuclear bomb test , the us once shot a 2000lb steel plate straight up at 14760mph ( 41mi / s ) , more than six times the speed	so we did beat the soviets into space . hell yeah . ' murica
2 technically , with the v2 , the nazis beat both of us .	damn . that's worse than the commies doing it .
3 meh . some sources claim stalin's purges killed 3 times as many people as hitler did with the holocaust . ( 20 million vs 6 million ) debateable .	and , if i remember correctly , the japanese killed even more . but dont quote me on that .

1 the pirate bay tried buying their own island in hopes of making their own country with no copyright laws .	what with ? all the money they made giving stuff away for free ?
2 private islands don't cost as much as you think .	well , they still cost a lot .
3 [ hemlow island is ~ $ 27.7 k ] ( http://www.privateislandsonline.com/islands/hemlow-island ) it's probably full of rabid aids infested monkeys , but it's cheap .	if you buy it , couldn't you completely mow down everything ? like , trees , and animals alike . i'm curious how far you can go , doing whatever

1 piss from the maned wolf smells like marijuana and one day had police searching for pot smokers at a dutch zoo . the officers were really just smelling wolf piss	i would love to use this knowledge some day , like in court or something . " officer , you say your probable cause was because you smelled weed .
2 hell yeah " smell this wolf piss ? " " is that weed ? " " no . it's wolf piss "	someone's going to name a strain " wolf piss " , and i'm going to try it .
3 the maned wolf is not a wolf , in the same sense that a mountain goat is not a goat . a maine coon is not a coon , either	i heard in maine they just call them african-americans now

1 cosmo is over a hundred years old and started out as a literary magazine containing stories and articles from nobel prize winners sinclair lewis , george bernard shaw , and	so this is how granny learned all those weird erotic tricks .
2 i wondered my she kept pressing on my taint with her thumb .	ooh i love that one .

1 the queen is the only person in the uk who is not required to have a driving licence in order to drive	the queen learnt to drive in 1945 when she joined the army
2 back home in the uk , a friend of my grandmother didn't have his driving licence either , and he said it was because he learned to drive in the	when my grandfather died last year it turned out that he'd never had a driving licence even though his car was insured and taxed . we have no idea how

1 the pitcairn islands , known as ' the least populous national jurisdiction in the world ' has a grand total of 46 permanent residents , and once went 17 years	and if i wont the lottery i would pay each one of them $ 1million to get the fuck out and i would declare it my own country .

1 in 2002 , bruce willis ' daughter suggested giving girl scout cookies to troops . he bought 12,000 boxes and delivered them to troops stationed throughout the middle east .	we had a few pallets of cookies delivered to the carrier while we were deployed . they were quickly hoarded and used as currency .
2 why don't you use currency as currency ? are there rules against it ?	probably the cookies , cigs , whatever give more instant gratification . they might not get as much opportunity to spend money .

1 rolling stone gave many artists bad reviews , then changed to good reviews after they became famous . examples include the beatles , led zeppelin , black sabbath , ac	scumbag rolling stone .

1 the chief of police in st . paul let mobsters like machine gun kelly , john dillinger and baby face nelson live in the city as long as they didn't	you just made the movie public enemies make sense now . thanks op .

1 jeffrey dahmer , also known as the milwaukee cannibal , accidentally consumed the sedated drink that he made for his victim , fell asleep , and was robbed of 300	> on may 14 , 1990 , dahmer moved out of his grandmother's house and into apartment 213 , 924 north 25th street , taking the skull , scalp and
2 a day before i was born , i lucked out .	well we know one person who definitely isn't your father .
3 i don't think you quite understand the gestation period .	he doesn't listen to hip-hop .

1 the tv comedy malcolm in the middle used mood-setting music in lieu of canned laughter . artists included abba , they might be giants , kenny rogers , elo &	the music was pretty much always on point in mitm . one of my favorite scenes was francis getting his shit wrecked at hockey by those lumberjack amazons . perfectly

1 muhammad ali threw his olympic gold medal into an ohio river to protest racial discrimination in america	the ohio river , not an ohio river . on a related note , ali is from louisville , kentucky , which is on the ohio river , not an

1 the characters of terrance and phillip on southpark are a result of the creators ' response to critics who said the show was poorly animated and had just fart jokes	i love how that was worded on wikipedia , " while phillip niles argyle ... has blond hair , * diabetes * , and a blue shirt with a "

1 early 20th century parents used a formula containing opium and alcohol to calm infants .	an acquaintance told me of her italian grandmother's kids ' snack : a bowl of bread pieces soaked in wine . carbs and alcohol are great for getting everyone to

1 : while shooting the lord of the rings , viggo mortensen ( aragorn ) often spent days hiking to the film's remote locations , in costume and carrying his sword	with all due respect to the wonderful viggo , every time i read or hear about actors doing method acting , i pause , take a deep breath , and
2 to be 100 % frank about it , i'd watch a movie about an actor who method acts like viggo mortensen or daniel day lewis . i would find it	tropic thunder touched on that , with robert downey jr . ' s character . it's a pretty good premise for a comedy , imo .

1 : the world record for alcohol consumption is by andre the giant , who drank 156 beers in one sitting ( over 73 litres / 16 gallons ) .	http://imgur.com/ZHGOZ
2 this is what i came here looking for . i never saw him in person , but he is a huge dude . i'd love to see a casting of	check out the princess bride . there is a scene in the thieves village where inigo compares his hand to andre's . it will give you a good sense of

1 tim horton died when he lost control of his car at 160km / h during a drunken high-speed chase with police .	my parents went on an eastern vacation and stopped in halifax . they asked some locals where tim hortons was and apparently it's really hated there because of ron joyce
2 not sure what your talking bout , i live in halifax and we have lots of tims .	i second this . timmys is consumed just as much as any other city , and joyce is as unknown as well .

1 a man pretending to be a pilot flew over 1,000 , 000 miles for free	they should make a movie about it
2 should get that guy from basketball diaries to play the lead . or from jhango . either or .	oh yeah that guy from what's eating gilbert grape ? totes .

1 tucker max offered $ 500,000 to planned parenthood to name an abortion clinic after him .	they've done him quite a few solids in the past , the money he wanted to donate is the least he could have done ...

1 willie nelson lives in self-sustaining community on maui with neighbors like kris kristofferson , woody harrelson , and owen wilson .	i have been fortunate enough to get to take a helicopter tour of the area of maui where kris kristofferson lives in hana , and while hana does have a
2 " ( which spends far less than half a year at ) " . this . guaranteed . he would never risk losing his texas residency status , because texas	texas has no state income tax ? ? huh til
3 us and washington state .	no income tax ? ? ? what ? source : shocked canadian

1 arnold schwarzenegger was so hell bent on working out as a youngster that he broke into local gyms when they were closed during the weekends .	i highly suggest the moving pumping iron . stars arnold and a couple other body builders . very entertaining .

1 the infinite monkey theorem , stating that monkeys with typewriters and enough time could produce the entire works of shakespeare , has been tried out in real life . they	technically given an infinite amount of time the monkeys would type out all books ever written . the whole problem is the infinity part .
2 this is scary . the amount of time it would take for a collection of , say , 20 monkeys , to , by chance and by accident , write	get " el aleph " from jorge l borges . it's a book with stories that dive into this very issue of what infinity means .

1 mark twain was born during a visit by halley's comet and predicted he would die during its next visit . he wrote " here are these two unaccountable freaks ;	this doesn't make any sense . on which day did haley's comet ' return ' ? the comet gradually approaches the sun , and very gradually becomes brighter as it
2 it seems like at first you were attempting to be a smart ass about it and then got fucked by wikipedia haha	if wikipedia is information added by numerous amounts of people , wouldn't it be more correct to call it a gangbang ?

1 the grey affected roger ebert so much , he walked out of his next scheduled screening . " it was the first time i've ever walked out of a film	i guess i am the only one who thought it was a cheesy popcorn movie that portrayed wolves in an unrealistic manner .
2 how might the wolves be more realistically portrayed ?	as rarely ( almost never ) attacking humans .
3 do you believe filmmakers have a responsibility to portray animals with 100 % accuracy ? you seem to have an issue with this as well as the white shark in	i dont enjoy many films . it sucks .

1 dr . phil does not have an active licence to practice psychology , and the california board of psychology determined that he does not require one because his show involves	but his show isn't even entertaining .

1 actor steve buscemi was a new york city fire fighter from 1980 to 1984 . he showed up at his old firehouse the day after 9/11 in new york to	yeah , but i heard he doesn't tip

1 brown bears can run at nearly 30 miles per hour ( 48km / h ) , and that is roughly the same speed as a galloping horse	come , my mighty steed .

1 axl rose's original concept for the sweet child o ' mine music video was to depict a drug trafficker carrying her child into a foreign country . it would then	that would have made for a great music video .
2 that would make a good movie , let alone a good music video .	fuck and i always thought of axl as an uncreative fuckwit . that's a brilliant plot for a music video the song of which would be on the movie soundtrack

1 a monument marking where captain james cook was killed in hawaii , and about 25 square feet of land around it , is owned by the united kingdom .	so technically if you were to commit a crime in hawaii and jumped on to the monument before being captured would you need to be extradited ? :-P

1 in 1990 , george steinbrenner was banned from baseball for life - only to be reinstated 3 years later .	let me guess , you heard the same npr segment i did

1 guantanamo bay has a mcdonalds .	well yeah ... it's an american naval base . why wouldn't they ?

1 the united states has been in a declared state of national emergency since 1933 , and is currently under 30 national emergencies including 9/11 , the iranian hostage crisis and	i think we just declared war on magnets also .
2 the war on ferromagnetism .	fucking magnets , how do they work ?

1 on titan the atmosphere is so thick and the gravity so low that humans could fly through it by flapping " wings " attached to their arms .	this is the best til i've ever read on here .

1 the municipal government of paris passed a resolution to prohibit tom cruise from becoming an honorary citizen of the city .	tom cruise
2 no .	robert paulson ?

1 the shroud of turin has nothing to do with jesus - it's been comprehensively radiocarbon dated to the medieval period .	maybe jesus can time travel ...

1 the reason the enemies in the game angry birds are pigs is because the swine flu epidemic was going around at the time of the game's development	fighting swine flu with avian flu ... sounds like a good way to make zombies .

1 despite his appearance in popular culture , bram stoker originally described dracula as having a " long white mustache "	i must have read that book 10 times and i never picked up that detail . but i just now looked at chapter 2 and sure as shit , mustache

1 gene wilder wanted to be introduced in a certain way in willy wonky and the chocolate factory because that way for the rest of the movie " no one will	that's so true . for the rest of me watching the watching the movie i didn't know whether or not i should trust him .

1 in the bullet trains 45 year service there have been zero deaths from derailment and collisons .	that's because japan is on the ball . and i bet the other lines like the jr line , keikyu , etc all have the same statistic .
2 but they don't get to feel the satisfaction of driving a fucking huge suv , do they ?	upvoted because people can't read internet sarcasm , even though you typed it in all caps edit : this was in the negatives when i commented

1 manchester city hold the record for the fewest home league goals scored in a season ( 10 in 2006-07 ) .	this stat has got me wondering . out of all the teams in the world , why did the sheikh choose to buy man city ?
2 i might have made this up at some point but he wanted an underdog in a big city and didn't get everton	* cough fucking cough sheikhs *

1 in response to 300 students marching after the " don't tase me , bro ! " incident , the university of florida held a panel to discuss police practices .	i know that people actually dont care as much as they pretend they do , but as someone who works with community organizers theres a large chance no one got
2 apparently they sent out mass emails to the student body . but apparently no one ever gets emails forwarded to their phone , or checks them at all .	well , i have emails forwarded to my phone but i certainly don't check them . i have currently 9090 unread mails .

1 hunter s . thompson appeared outside jack nicholson's home on the night of nicholson's birthday . he set off a high-powered spotlight and gunfire and played a tape of animal	wasnt there a severed pigs head with lip stick on in the toilet ?

1 quinoa is so nutritionally dense and complete that it is being considered a possible crop in nasa's controlled ecological life support system for long-duration manned spaceflights .	quinoa is the best substitute for rice or any other side dish . quinoa salad rocks .

1 korean is a " language isolate " , a language with no known relatives . it has more speakers than every other isolate combined .	similarly to ainu , language of the aboriginal peoples that habitated / still habitate japan , it has no known relative languages whatsoever .
2 there's a theory of a basque connection .	i find it interesting that japanese people have more dna connections to chinese and koreans than to ryukyuans , and ryukyuan languages are classified as * * " japonic "

1 the mathematical proof that 1 + 1 = 2 takes 162 pages principia mathematica - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia	yes . because it was an attempt to define all number sets possible and their relationships . is " 1 " * always * equal to " 2-1 " ?
2 can you explain to me * why * 1 + 1 = 2 needs a proof ? i always thought it was just a basis for the number system we	because mathematicians need to prove everything .
3 math logic : prove a foundational principle with other proofs based on said principle . then figure out some reason for it to be relevant and teach it to kids	the only thing that you proved with this post is that you don't understand math or english .

1 neil degrasse tyson danced ballet , jazz , afro-carribean , and latin ballroom style while attending harvard . he also won a gold medal in latin ballroom style with the	neil degrasse tyson pronounces the word " water " like " werter "

1 of the rosenhan experiment : sane people faked hearing voices to see if they would be accurately diagnosed . they weren't . none of the subjects were identified as impostors	crazy knows crazy . if you've every lived in nyc you know you never see 2 crazy people in the same place . they know .

1 asbestos in the united states has not been banned and is totally legal . when the environmental protection agency tried to ban it , supporters of the asbestos industry actually	in canada we still produce it and export it overseas . yaaaay ...
2 also , scientists / physicians believe there will be a new wave of mesothelioma due to carbon fiber since the fibers are very similar in size and shape to asbestos	isn't carbon fiber harder to break / make less dust / not used in your home as much however ? i haven't recently broken any carbon fiber impliments but i

1 x-men has often been compared to the african-american civil rights movement , with xavier as mlk and magneto as malcom x .	that's the entire point of the comic . highlighting racial oppression as well as a variety of other social issues
2 i'm pretty sure the entire point of the comic was to highlight how cool retractable metal claws are . all the other powers exist to prove this point by contrast	precisely . to the average person that hasn't read x-men , they might think that shooting lasers out of their face or being able to control weather is better than

1 a high school student served 5 years in jail and had to register as a sex offender after being falsely accused of rape by a classmate of his , because	maybe if , as a society , we didn't teach youth that sex is bad , wrong , or dirty and empower them to deal with the responsibilities of a
2 why not just teach girls not to lie ?	because teens are well known for honesty ?
3 so there's a lot of room for improvement !	because parents are great at convincing teen children they know best ?

1 shortly before the great exodus from digg , the company laid off 37 % of its staff and installed an interim ceo .	another reason for the mass exodus was that there was something better , which was reddit . now if people want to leave reddit they don't have something better to
2 jesus voat is cringe . multiple times i read " i moved from reddit and i was a lurker , i'm trying to be more active on this site .	that's the introductions sv , which is supposed to help people get started .

1 dr . phil's current wife is his second marriage . his first wife , an ex-cheerleader and homecoming queen , claimed dr . phil was domineering and confined her to	he also used his title as dr . to endorse weight loss products that didn't work . he is not a medical doctor . i hate this guy and anyone
2 what is he a doctor of exactly ?	he has a phd in clinical psychology from north texas college . he got the job with oprah after being initially hired as a jury-selection expert for a trial she

1 the moon was proposed to be the 51st state of the usa	this is going to be an integral part of newt gingrich's 2016 platform .

1 people who are allergic to latex are likely to also be allergic to kiwi fruit and mango .	i'm allergic to kiwi fruit , but not mango or latex .

1 jamie johnson , the heir to the johnson and johnson fortune , made 2 documentaries showing how the 1 % live and was sued for it by some of his	anyone else torrenting ? the number seem to have gone up a lot recently :)

1 when the u . s . post office issued the first stamp honoring elvis in 1993 , stamp collectors mailed letters with these stamps to bad addresses to have them	i remember doing that as a thirteen-year-old . i also remember someone declining to come to my bar mitzvah due to the elvis stamp on his invitation .

1 christian bale's stepmother , gloria steinham , was a feminist who protested the 1991 publication of the novel , american psycho , due to its portrayal of violence toward women	anyone else think it's funny that christian bale is batman and bateman ?
2 bateman is what happens when batman doesn't externalize the joker .	bateman is what happens when bruce wayne's parents don't die . he's still a psycho with an alternate identity , just without a mask .
3 oh , he has a mask . it's his own face .	[ a mask of my own face . i'd wear that . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nx3KD9Xo1fg )

1 jackie chan is a trained opera singer and has released 20 albums	> trained opera singer doesn't mean he's ... good though ..
2 sometimes ... i feel .. weird reading .. ellipses ...	i .. know .. .. what .. you . . mean ... ... . . . . .. . ... . . . . . ... . brail ?

1 it takes approximately 6 % of a crowd to change the entire direction the crowd is traveling in	oh man . this would be the funnest flash mob
2 yeah it would be pretty fun to try out lol . [ here's an unrelated old social psych experiment ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BgRoiTWkBHU ) showing how weirdly we can be manipulated	i've seen this before , but i do wonder whether elevators that have doors opening on both sides were a thing back then . if i were in an elevator
3 there's a differnce between an elevator door and an elevator wall and it's not that hard to notice it ...	i disagree , have plenty of times been shocked by an elevator " wall " moving , those two sided ones mind fuck me everytime .

1 famous gangster johnny stompanato stormed onto a movie set in the uk and pointed a gun at actor sean connery due to jealousy involved in stompanato's affair with lana turner	never point a gun at one of the original james bond's

1 william of orange was the first head of state assassinated with a firearm .	moral of the story : don't fuck with the dutch

1 the guillotine remained the official method of execution in france until the death penalty was abolished in 1981 . the final three guillotinings in france were all child-murderers .	the last time is was used * * nsfw * * [ link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZaVe65LWDCI )
2 that's the last public use , which was a few decades earlier .	it was illegal to film executions at the time . they ran into delays which pushed the execution beyond the traditional crack of dawn , so that there was enough

1 james may , richard hammond , and jeremy clarkson from top gear will script and shoot a car chase for the new die hard movie .	[ so am i the only one who thinks this is a bad idea ? ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ULmyKSyhRY )

1 jamie hyneman , co-host of mythbusters , has a degree in russian linguistics	someone just watched the mythbusters gameshow episode .

1 when george washington passed away in 1799 , napoleon bonaparte personally gave a eulogy and ordered a ten-day requiem . in great britain , the entire royal navy lowered its	they did it in fear and in order to appease his ghost so that he wouldn't come back from the dead and wreck their shit a second time , this
2 didn't work , war of 1812 .	yeah , but britain kicked our butt in that one . they sacked dc !
3 yeah but while they were sacking dc we had americans in canada as well .	and then they got beat by a tornado . i like to think it was washington's ghost .

1 in 1991 during a period of only six weeks 5 classic modern rock albums were released : metallica's black album , pearl jam's ten , guns n'roses ' use your	bought the black album the day it came out , and was disappointed . bought blood , sugar , sex , magic afterwards , and was quite pleased . i
2 if you were into the original metallica albums then i can certainly understand the disappointment . i will still argue that the black album was their most influential * rock	i definitely was . master of puppets is still what i'd consider to be their magnum opus .

1 english mastiffs don't attack people who are threats , they use their size to pin them until a human they know arrives and tells them it's okay	the only citation on the page for that seems to be : sydenham edwardscynographia britannica , 1800 london : c . whittingham plus , it says they * generally *
2 i wish i had a citation , but i recall reading somewhere that this bite resistant behaviour was bred into the breed because of it's dark history as a working	lol dark history and slaves .
3 pics of little sister ?	got any cookies ?

1 during prohibition , the us government ordered poison be added to industrial alcohol to discourage consumption . people continued to drink it , so the government mandated more potent poison	just came here to say this : your a faggot , dae even 420 blaze eit

1 : even with the bare minimum of driver training on its use , the british roundabout has been proven to be at least 20 % more efficient at moving traffic	they're brilliant if they're actually used . they're counterproductive if they're plopped down as marks of affluence in select upper-class american neighborhoods . as usual , the key is uniformity
2 i agree . what would help a lot is if they occasionally posted police there for an hour or so , maybe 2 or 3 times a week , and	in brooklyn we love roundabouts ... with [ 15 stop lights ] ( http://i.imgur.com/E5FrxkH.jpg ) . beautiful !
3 [ another shitty american adaptation : roundabout with a road through the middle ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@38.8644999,-77.2754292,206m/data=!3m1!1e3 )	i'm not sure how the example you have works , but in norway the road through the middle is only for buses to make it more " attractive " to

1 playboy refused to print richard thompson's list of best songs of the millennium because he took the task literally and chose songs dating back to 1068	richard thompson is amazing . this post will be buried , but he will change your life . i will add to this post regardless . people must know the

1 what the number ring on the edge of watches are for .	if you think that's interesting , how about a [ watch with a slide rule ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Breitling-Navitimer.jpg ) .

1 in the mid - 1800s france gave out a crucial patent in photography for free as a gift to the world ... except for britain . they had to pay	payback for waterloo .

1 asbestos in the united states has not been banned and is totally legal . when the environmental protection agency tried to ban it , supporters of the asbestos industry actually	[ x-ray i took of a patient who worked with asbestos ] ( https://www.medxt.com/viewer?s=154561 )
2 how are you not worried about hippa ?	its not a breach of hippa . no information of the patient specifically is present .

1 alexander i of yugoslavia refused to attend public events on tuesdays after three family members died on that day of the week . after finally being forced to appear on	you can only avoid the tuesday cheap night at the movies for so long
2 you want to know what i heard ? it was a killer taco tuesday deal at casa bonita that lured him out ... $ 1 tacos , $ 3 coronas	i'm sorry , i can't stop laughing at how you spell chimichangas
3 raise your chongas	chonga bagels ! ! !

1 disney rejected back to the future because the mother / son storyline was " not appropriate "	i say they rejected it because there was a mother . period . name a disney movie that has a mother ( who isnt evil , killed before the half
2 the / only / time i know of a disney main character having a mother but no father ( not counting if he dies in the movie ) is the	where is our science based dragon mmo ? & nbsp ; http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/p1ssv/dear_internet_im_a_26_year_old_lady_whos_been/

1 morgan freeman is against black history month	[ play along at home , kids ! ] ( http://i.imgur.com/stPtgg9.png ) [ as of 2 hours after posting and 31 comments :] ( http://i.imgur.com/sgwj5Bk.png )
2 slavery wasn't as bad as portrayed in the media the irish were mistreated too	so ... the irish weren't mistreated ? better tell my great grandfather that his mother was a liar . thanks for clearing this up .
3 idk what you're talking about . i'm just giving him bingo	damn . i'm trying to find a good ol ' fashioned circlejerk in here . apologies for stepping on your game .

1 when rupert grint got his driver's license , he bought an ice cream truck to fulfill a childhood desire and gives out free ice cream to children .	hm , wikipedia did not make that statement . am i missing something ?

1 french numbers are normally expressed in base 10 , but numbers 60-99 are expressed in base 20 . the french word for 80 is quatre-vingts , literally " four twenties	~ ~ belgian ~ ~ in other countries , french has the equivalent of seventy , eighty & ninety > septante , octante ou huitante , nonante edit : grandsboulevards
2 iirc , 80 in belgian french is still * quatre-vingts * , * octante / huitante * is only used in switzerland .	can confirm , belgians use quatre-vingts .

1 the outer space treaty , signed by all major space faring nations , prohibits claiming territory in space or on celestial bodies . space is considered " the shared heritage	or maybe it is already claimed ...

1 sid meier didn't include multiplayer in the original civilization game because " if you had friends , you wouldn't need to play computer games . "	can you imagine if every asshole put their name in the title of the game ? edit : christmas gold ! ! ! thank you ! ! !
2 i bet there'd be a lot fewer shitty games .	instead of names and good games , we have ubisoft and ea .
3 well , ubisoft * did * have tom clancy's splinter cell , tom clancy's rainbow six and tom clancy's ghost recon .	hawx and endwar were pretty good too

1 there are only eight species of bears alive today .	nine . i don't care what you pedants say . koalas are bears .

1 the nobel prize winner and founder of silicon valley was a notorious racist that believed black culture would lead to average iq decreasing among blacks .	1969 tv interview . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sAszZr3SkEs he wrote " shockley on eugenics and race . "

1 mars candy incorporated found e . t . so ugly that the company refused to allow m & m's to be used in the film , believing the creature would	i loved e . t . ! ! i was pretty young when i saw the movie for the first time so i thought he was real . i even

1 half of the world's roundabouts are in france	and milton keynes has the other half . https://maps.google.co.uk/maps?q=milton+keynes&ll=52.039716,-0.742264&spn=0.071274,0.15604 edit : 300 roundabouts in the city . over 1,000 if you include mini-rounabouts that everyone just drives over the middle
2 i'm pretty sure they share that half with [ swindon ] ( http://6000.co.za/magic-roundabout/ ) , which has combined 5 tiny roundabouts into one mecha-roundabout .	christ , just the double mini roundabout scares the shit out of me on my driving lessons . i cant imagine doing that .

1 bear grylls is wrong . when dehydrated in a survival situation , you should not drink your own pee . it actually worsens the situation rather than being beneficial .	boy , now that i am finally starting to like the taste of it .
2 because it's sterile and i like the taste .	if you can dodge a wrench , you can dodge a ball .

1 the show roseanne ended by revealing that the whole show was a story written by roseanne to cope with dan's death by heart attack .	you can watch the reveal [ here . ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oLLMNwiIMPY&feature=related )
2 is that leonard from big bang theory ?	tyl that half of the cast of bbt is from roseanne .
3 to be fair , it is more so that chuck lorre was a writer on roseanne , and then helped create bbt . he is the real link , and	you didn't put a link ! edit : whoops , read that as " here is the real link " and then was confused why i didn't see a link

1 after being caught by casino bigwigs and prosecuted in court the hyland card-counting team were acquitted of cheating after the judge found card-counting " was not cheating but merely the	counting cards is not illegal . not one bit .

1 during filming of " super mario bros . " bob haskins ( mario ) and john leguizamo ( luigi ) were so unhappy working on what they knew to be	as a kid , the ending scene where she bursts in and says " mario , luigi , we need your help ! " clearly setting up a sequel made
2 yeah it would have been super mario 2 and i loved that game ! i knew it was terrible , but kid me loved it . adult me thinks it's	you mean big bertha , the bouncer at the boom boom bar ? " was she corpulent ? " " no , just round . really round " edit :
3 i instinctively jerked my head back and uttered " you mean boom-boom bar " in a crowded office .	original commenter edited his post . used to say " moo moo bar " . now i look silly . he's one of those types of redditors . have an

1 nearly 200 years before turducken became popular , there was the rôti sans pareil : a bustard stuffed with a turkey-goose-pheasant-chicken-duck-guinea fowl-teal-woodcock-partridge-plover-lapwing-quail-thrush-lark-ortolan-bunting and garden warbler , the last being just	also that the cooking method used for the likes of these multi-stuffed , multi-meat , multimate concoctions is called engastration : when one animal is stuffed inside the gastric passage
2 lets hope animals never evolve to sentience or we might have to obscure our opulent cooking history .	most vertebrate animals * do * have sentience ...

1 the creators of nyan cat and keyboard cat have sued multiple companies for the use of their intellectual property	fuckers put this shit on the internet , it no longer belongs to you . it is now property of the blackhole known as the world wide web . *
2 title is misleading , it was used in a game and these guys wanted payment for their ip , warner bros were ripping them off .	yeah . a lot of people think the two guys are greedy because of this . in reality their pretty cool about their character use . all parties have said

1 gelatin , used in popular foods such as jell-o , is produced by boiling the bones , connective tissues , and other parts of animals such as hooves , and	simmered bones make amazing broths too ...

1 in the online game eve a player group spent 12 months infiltrating a rival group , then assassinated their leader and stole or destroyed $ 16,500 . 00 usd worth	i've seen this . isn't there a video of it somewhere ?

1 magpie attacks in australia have led cyclists to put spikes on their helmets .	for all those " australia is dangerous " comments . every year : us snakebite fatalities : 5.5 australia snakebite fatalities : less than 1 us spider bite fatalities :
2 i've lived in australia all my life and there are tonnes of dangerous animals , [ redback spiders ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Redback_spider ) we're very common and i can remember them	technically , yes . but spiders haven't killed anyone since 1979 . despite its reputation , australia is safer than the us .

1 during a pledge drive , a dj at a portland , or radio station promised that the station would never play " stairway to heaven " again if someone made	hey ! ! ! from the racks and stacks , it's the best on wax ! how ' bout another double-golden-oldie-twin-spin-sound-sandwich from k-l-a-m in portland !

1 eratosthenes , along with countless other achievements , calculated the size of the earth in 240 bc using a stick , the shadow of the sun , and the known	he was also nicknamed " beta " since he was second best at everything .

1 in 1927 several million people in the united states sent over 100,000 petitions urging congress to adopt the metric system .	were actually in the metric system now we just said fuck it and never officially changed .
2 that's better than how we have it in mexico : we * kinda * are in the metric system ... except that we are still using imperial types of paper	you realize mm's are metric right ?

1 during the chernobyl , three engineers volunteered to dive into a pool of radioactive hydrogen peroxide with no working flashlights and open a pipe to stop the reactor from exploding	i could have gone without seeing that mutated puppy .

1 miyamoto musashi , 17th century japanese swordsman , twice arrived late to duels and defeated both opponents . upon his next duel , he arrived early , and ambushed the	if i recall from somewhere or another , he arrived late to annoy his opponents and as such cause them to make mistakes due to their anger .
2 yep . he was one of the first people iirc to use someone else's emotions against them . he wandered for i can't remember how many years , around feudal	i highly doubt he was one of the first people in nearly 10,000 years of human civilisation to do that .

1 pablo picasso , living in nazi-occupied paris , suffered harassment from the gestapo . one officer allegedly asked him , upon seeing a photo of his painting guernica in his	this was also , as fate will have it , the first iteration of the use of ' no u ' in human history .

1 back in ancient china they used mannequins to lure the enemies to shoot arrows at , and that they would later pull them down and get a free supply of	here's a link to a summary of a pretty famous story that uses that idea http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_fictitious_stories_in_Romance_of_the_Three_Kingdoms#Borrowing_arrows_with_straw_boats
2 i was about to bring this up , but if you have ever seen the movie " red cliff " , they actually have a scene just like that .	hmm , i should check it out .

1 there is a father who has competed in hundreds of running events pushing his disabled son in a wheelchair every time .	someone must be cutting onions near my eyes

1 when yao ming played his first game in miami , the heat promoted the game by passing out 8,000 fortune cookies . yao wasn't offended because he had never seen	because it is .

1 mother teresa's supposed " miracle cure " of a woman's abdominal tumor was not a miracle at all . the patient's doctors and husband said she was cured because she	i'm pretty sure there are more people who were inspired by the good acts of mother theresa than those who criticized .
2 if the good acts are not the real story , partial information or purely fictional because a struggling church needed some good pr , then people's comments about being inspired	if only mother teresa took to heart the teachings of spiderman : " with great power comes great responsibility . " thanks :)

1 25 years ago on this day a us guided missile cruiser attacked a civillian iranian airliner killing all 290 passengers including 66 children . us government never apologised for this	i'd to point out that the money never actually got to the victims families . plus the crew of the ship received medals upon their return to the us .

1 an anti-smoking group petitioned the mpaa to change the rating for the film rango from pg to r for featuring " at least 60 instances of smoking " .	this is silly

1 after " terminator salvation " the owners attempted to auction off the rights to the terminator franchise for $ 60 to $ 70 million . the sole bid was from	sold it for $ 29.5 million ? the next movie would make that back opening weekend .
2 so they would only be down the cost of making the movie .	last one grossed $ 371 mill , i think they'll be okay . just don't hire mcg as director this time . and leave worthington out if possible .
3 m night shyamalan it is then . imagine the twist when future john conner goes to take down skynet once and for all only to realize it is not a	or john connor * is * skynet ! dun dun dun ! his future self created skynet and sent it back in time just for the sole purpose of entertaining

1 think about this for a while : yesterday we saw the 900th gp . rubens barrichello has started in 322 of them !	no wdc win though . rubens the forever # 2 driver .
2 this saddens me because i wonder if he ever had the ability of winning a wdc ... i'd like to think he did because he was such a top lad	well , he was given the right tools in 2009 but didn't have the pace . really likeable guy though , and secretly i want that to happen to rosberg

1 despite a rate of gun ownership among the highest , switzerland has one of the lowest murder rates in the world .	war on drugs and gangs .

1 ibm has stated that the scroll lock key on your keyboard does nothing . when pc magazine asked an executive of keyboard manufacturer key tronic about the key's purpose he	on linux , scroll locks acts as a scroll lock . if working from the terminal , turning on scroll lock prevents the screen from scrolling .
2 this locks the scroll .	i'm not quite sure why i found this so funny , but thanks for the laugh . i've been having a shitty day and reading your comment made it a
3 i'm not quite sure why i found this so funny , but thanks for the laugh . i've been having a shitty day and reading your comment made it a	i only gild authentic sadness .

1 former world chess champion gary kasparov is a supporter of the pseudohistorical theory known as ' new chronology ' , which claims that nearly everything we know about historical chronology	why would people think a chess champion is intelligent or skeptical . skill in one domain does not always translate to anything else .
2 who says it's weird because he's a chess champion ? i consider it bizarre that * anyone * believes this .	ever meet a grandmaster who wasn't very smart ?

1 oral sex was illegal in canada ... until 1969 .	what a kicker .

1 an english composer , jeremiah clarke , couldn't decide if he should commit suicide by hanging or drowning himself . he flipped a coin and after the coin landed on	" nice try , fate "

1 joseph späh , an acrobat , survived the hindenburg crash by doing an acrobatic roll out one of the windows	he was also heard to yell " * haters werde hassen * " as he cartwheeled away .
2 i speak german but not that well	if there are haters , then they are most likely going to hate .

1 taco bell has tried to enter the mexican market twice , failing both times , even after branding their food " american " food .	you yanks should be thankful for living in a culturally diverse society and consider yourself lucky for having relatively easy / cheap access to mexican food ... especially those closer
2 where to open a mexican restaurant .	we're not as hated as i thought .

1 " ghostbusters " and " gremlins " both came out on the same day ... 30 years ago today .	holy shit . looking at that list from top to bottom , it's possible that 1984 may have been the greatest year of movie releases ever .
2 ride the lightning was released that year . not a movie but still great .	yep .

1 germany has only ever lost two world cup qualifying matches . in their entire history .	but when they do they get absolutely smashed by england .
2 one of the saddest things i've ever seen , i watched germany-england for the 2010 wc in a friend's place in london . after the match they were all so	as england fans we don't get much to celebrate

1 despite their characters having many scenes together in the movie , chris o'donnell never worked a single day with arnold schwarzenegger in batman & robin [ xpost from til ]	he also hasn't worked a day in a good movie in a while .

1 james may , richard hammond , and jeremy clarkson from top gear will script and shoot a car chase for the new die hard movie .	fyi top gear back on 27 jan @ 8p m , bbc 2 .
2 christmas special or beginning of new season ? or both ?	series , not season .
3 whats the difference ?	length

1 george lucas gave mel brooks his blessing to make spaceballs on the condition that no action figures be made , as they could be confused with actual star wars toys	please don't hate me , but i never found spaceballs funny .
2 i hate you .	* everyone * hates him .

1 the term ' friendzone ' originated in 1994 on the sitcom ' friends ' season 1 episode 7	that is completely inaccurate . according to that wikipedia page the term was popularized not originated , there is a huge difference .

1 tom hanks in castaway allowed himself to gain weight to fit the role of a middle-aged man . production was then halted for a year so he could lose 50	i never saw that guy after the raft scene . i miss him . he's the only one who ever made me feel like more than a volleyball ...
2 > redditor for 2 years was it weird for you that he named you after his wife ? also ... did he make any mmmm ... holes in you ...	he didn't name wilson after kelly . and she was never actually his wife , they were essentially engaged but he crashed before they married and four years later when

1 in bram stokers original novel , dracula is not killed by sunlight . he just becomes weaker .	i , too , watch mental floss on youtube .

1 the only upside-down stoplight in the world is in syracuse , ny because some persistent local irish kids didn't want the red ( british ) above green ( ireland )	correction : american kids who identify them selves as irish but are more likely 6th generation irish which means fuck all . and yes , i'm english
2 this is from the 1920s . more likely second or third generation irish , meaning they almost certainly had living irish family . meaning get off your high horse before	before i fall ? just can't understand americans who identify themselves as anything but american . it's like they're ashamed .
3 well maybe if you were 14 years old and your parents were born in ireland and your grandparents were born in ireland and your great-grandparents were born in ireland and	my grandfather is scottish , and his father , and his fathers father and so on . i'm english and never pretend not to be

1 alfred binet , original inventor of the iq test , created the methodology to identify students who needed help , and deplored its use as a ranking for a unitary	i put my points into charisma and dexterity .
2 good on you , i tried using charisma as a dump stat . i wouldn't suggest using this build .	i thought it really only helps if you're a cleric . it's been like 25 years since i played d and d , so i might've remembered wrong .

1 , before his days as a supernatural detective , norville " shaggy " rogers was once a track star and gymnast , " both of which hint at his uncanny	this corroborates with that swedish study from yesterday about marijuana use in young men .
2 link please ?	http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/add.13042/abstract
3 that's quite interesting ! i haven't actually gotten past the pay wall yet although i'm debating it . do you know if they tested for anxiety and intelligence ? seems	no idea either . i could only read the abstract . :/

1 there is poor soul so accustomed to mass murder that he was arrested during the norway massacre for not showing the emotions of the others	i'm sure racism had nothing to do with his detention . / s

1 the winner of 1904 olympic marathon hitched a ten mile ride in an auto . the 2nd place finisher attempted to boost his speed with brandy and rat poison .	in a car or in an automobile .

1 alan tudyk ( aka wash from firefly ) , along with adam baldwin and nathan fillion voiced marines in halo 3 . these marines had personalities based on the three	if by " wash from firefly " you meant " steve the pirate " then sure .
2 if by " steve the pirate " you mean " ann's father " then sure .	if by " ann's father " you mean [ spoiler ] ( / s " alpha then sure . " )

1 in 2002 , while returning to the us , the uss john c . stennis aircraft carrier stopped in australia , where the sailors wore out the local sex workers	i see the navy is keeping up its fine tradition of enriching local economies .
2 and gene pools , i bet .	the establishment closed down for one day , not nine months .
3 it was indeed closed for one day , nine months later .	it was a gay brothel .

1 that the x-mansion from the x-men film series was the same mansion set used in adam sandler's billy madison .	it's found in a little shitty canadian " city " called oshawa . grew up right next door to the fucker
2 oshawa ... the armpit of ontario . i live in whitby , my friend is a cop in oshawa . he has some great stories of the stuff that goes	i love it when residents from your town make fun of my great city . you know what we don't have ? white oaks and a trailer park . your

1 keanu reeves had a girlfriend in the late 90s that gave birth to his daughter but tragically the baby was stillborn and the girlfriend died in a car accident 2	as a result of this horrible tradgedy , he vowed to never change his physical being so that if and when he passes , both will recognize him in the
2 wait . keanu reeves has the ability to change his physical being ?	no , not change necessarily , just retain his current state . think of it as a very concetrated form of stopping time . like a powerless god . by

1 on 5 march 1945 , a gurkha soldier in the british army calmly stood up in open sight and killed a sniper pinning down his company before going on to	beware the nephalem

1 babylon 5 switched commanders after season one because the actor playing commander sinclair had paranoid delusions . creator j . michael straczynski kept it a secret until 2013 after the	holy shit . i had no idea . wow .

1 despite being the original writer of ' all along the watchtower ' , bob dylan said that " ever since [ jimi hendrix ] died i've been doing it that	my favorite of these ' covers that surpasses the original ' is hurt . trent reznor wrote and performed it with [ nine inch nails ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=gjwgYvzQWS4 ) ,
2 the only one that surpasses the original imo	i always thought a song about cutting yourself and doing heroin seemed a bit strange coming from cash though .
3 read cash's autobiography . that song was cash	shit was * so * cash .

1 sperm whales only have one blow hole which evolved from the left nostril . the right nostril is located inside the front of the whale's head and has evolved into	evolutionary biology does weirder crap than i previously imagined .

1 sid meier didn't include multiplayer in the original civilization game because " if you had friends , you wouldn't need to play computer games . "	can you imagine if every asshole put their name in the title of the game ? edit : christmas gold ! ! ! thank you ! ! !
2 i bet there'd be a lot fewer shitty games .	look up john madden and his involvement with the football games named after him . the guy was a fucking nut about them .
3 ya open up the butter packet .. edit : inb 4 reference : http://youtu.be/q1v52f1TrWg	what ? i was expecting [ this video . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hv6RbEOlqRo )

1 the chevy cavalier was imported into japan and re-branded a toyota	revenge for pearl harbor .
2 dammit ! beat me to it ! lol . what a garbage car .	the cavalier is far far from a garbage car . the dumbest thing gm ever did was discontinue it .
3 i owned two , had a myriad of problems with both . both were low mileage , and well maintained . one threw a rod at 42000 miles ( just	old 2.2 l or ecotec engine ? the old one was a bit clunky , but the ecotecs are tough as nails .

1 in order to advertise their services , prostitutes in ancient greece wore sandals that left the words " follow me " imprinted in the dirt as they walked .	and today , we call that google maps .
2 i can't say i've ever googled ' prostitutes in my area ' but now i'm a tiny bit curious .	that's what i type in when i need directions to op's mom's house .

1 when queen wanted to release " bohemian rhapsody " , various executives told them that a song with a length of 5 minutes and 55 seconds was too long and	which is absurd because the seven-minute album version of the doors mega hit , " light my fire " played in 1967 , and richard harris's " macarthur park ,
2 don't forget that a 7 minute long song called hey jude was # 1 for 9 weeks in the us in 1968 .	really ? who wrote it ?
3 that paul mcaffrey guy kanye discovered a couple moths back	i really don't like that anti virus software he made ..

1 planetary scientist eugene shoemaker is the only human in history to have their ashes buried on the moon	i worked the helpdesk at the usgs astrogeology science center in flagstaff , az . the building was named after him and his wife was still working there part time

1 in japan , houses depreciate like cars , and after as little as 20 years are considered worthless enough to be demolished and replaced .	japanese roads are numbered by order of construction . this is why japanese postmen need to be experts in architectural trends . edit : of course i meant ' buildings
2 and the addresses are for blocks , not road name / number . it makes finding things extremely difficult .	can confirm , dialled for an ambulance in japan , watched it gingerly go up the wrong street with the driver peering carefully at street signs

1 the tv comedy malcolm in the middle used mood-setting music in lieu of canned laughter . artists included abba , they might be giants , kenny rogers , elo &	i prefer it that way . i don't particularly enjoy the sound of a crowd laughing during my tv time . matter of fact , none of the shows i
2 friends and seinfeld are the only shows where i can deal with the laugh track . edit : i realize these shows were filmed in front of a live audience	the laughs for outdoor scenes in seinfeld are fake . i always thought it was funny because jerry could easily do a whole bit on laugh tracks .

1 in the original theatrical release of " alexander , " the filmmakers avoided using bc dates because test screening audiences did not understand that 356 bc was earlier than 323	> for the theatrical release in the united states , he had to refrain from using regular " bc " dates , since ( according to data collected from test
2 i think the most important part was ' citation needed ' :)	the paragraph says " in his commentary , " so , that - alexander director's cut dvd commentary .

1 only two people at kfc know the secret recipe of 11 herbs & spices and they are not allowed to travel together on the same plane or in the same	i never got the whole secret recipe thing . isn't every ingredient supposed to be disclosed , legally speaking ? or is it secret because of the order it's cooked

1 the infinite monkey theorem , stating that monkeys with typewriters and enough time could produce the entire works of shakespeare , has been tried out in real life . they	i heard infinite monkey theorem is great live .

1 mountain dew was made to be mixed with whiskey	mountain dew sucks . it's all about surge and sierra mist

1 hugh hefner defended playboy publishing a story about straight men being persecuted in a gay society with " if it was wrong to persecute heterosexuals in a homosexual society then	not trying to be cynical here , but wouldn't a homosexual society be impossible due to no reproduction ?

1 secret service agents lived in chelsea clinton's dorm , and posed as students , while she was an undergrad at stanford	i'm sure it was hilarious watching them trying to blend in .
2 [ how do you do , fellow kids ] ( http://imgur.com/Zu0et ) ( credit to the fellow redittor who made this )	every time i see that it reminds me of this http://img.washingtonpost.com/rf/image_296w/2010-2019/WashingtonPost/2012/10/11/Style/Images/Time_PaulRyan_3--228x342.jpg

1 the phrase " why not zoidberg ? " was never actually used on futurama and is in fact a misquote .	i distinctly remember hearing zoidberg say this phrase or something very close to it .
2 ditto , i believe it's a wiki-flaw .	the episode with the parallel universe boxes he definitely says it
3 " can i have a turn ? " " the box ... says no . " i find it very interesting that , despite both being complete losers and the	well , obviously . he had the box . ( zoidbergs in general have shown a tendency to become jerks when given power , e . g . growing huge

1 in 2000 the major motorcycle companies of the world reached a gentlemen's agreement to end a speed war of one-upmanship to try make the worlds fastest production bike , as	i don't ride , but doesn't 300km / h already qualify as an " extremely dangerous speed " ?
2 186mph for us ' mericuns . the problem with bikes isn't top speed , it's stupid and wreckless driving at 20-30 mph above hwy speeds . if you can reach	i try to drive wreckless .

1 elvis presley flew to denver and back one night just to pick up a fool's gold loaf : an 8,000 calorie sandwich made from a hollowed out loaf filled with	" david alder's book contains a detailed account of the event that made both elvis and the fool's gold loaf sandwich famous . " i mean ... i'm fairly sure
2 did he do something else ? i've only heard of him in regards to sandwiches .	i believe he also did some karate .
3 he also battled an ancient egyptian mummy with jfk .	loved that documentary .

1 japanese honeybees kill hornets by enclosing them in a ball of bees , and then shaking so fast and generating so much heat that they cook the hornet at 115	thanks for reminding me these little devils are going to be coming out again soon . they are all over the southern us and have the worst sting imaginable .
2 your hornets aren't two inches long with quarter inch stingers .	i would gladly get stung by one of our native hornets over just being near one of these . i'm talking about japanese hornets that are in the southern us
3 they have japanese hornets in the southern united states now ? ? aw shit !	check this out . one of the comments also talks about how bad they are in ga . http://www.badspiderbites.com/giant-hornet/

1 : canadians eat more donuts per capita than any other country .	reading through the comments makes me realize more and more that i just might be the only canadian who hates donuts .

1 mountain dew was made to be mixed with whiskey	mountain dew and old heaven hill bourbon is my favorite drink .

1 most senior animators at disney chose to work on pocahontas rather than the lion king as many at disney had little faith in the project , leaving mostly first time	ex disney inbetweener here , certain cuts from lion king were shown to us during training as examples of how not to animate .
2 we need an ama with you .	unfortunately i can't do an ama , i found my confidentiality agreement .

1 famous mathematician paul erdos was once challenged to quit taking amphetamines for one month by a concerned friend . he succeeded , but complained " you've showed me i'm not	paul erdos was a meth-matician .
2 amphetamines and methamphetamine aren't exactly the same thing .	as someone who takes prescription amphetamines , to me its pretty obvious he was self-treating add
3 so , like me and alcohol ?	no , not like you and alcohol

1 kevin spacey's private life is so private , nobody knows who his wife is .	cos he's gay innit
2 well , it says in the article * " he responded to such rumors by telling playboy and other interviewers that he was not gay " * so it might	i know guys who know guys who work at the vic and they ain't making that shit up .

1 tina turner is no longer an american citizen . she has passed a german language test and swiss history test and is exclusively a swiss citizen after giving up her	there's a [ swisscom commercial ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SKlVq-lh268 ) on tv in switzerland where she narrates what she loves about switzerland .

1 philosopher and mathematician pythagoras hated beans so much that he refused to run through a bean field while trying to escape from a mob that was out to kill him	after slitting his throat , they made two more slits , the squares of which equaled the square of the first .

1 america is one of the oldest countries in the world , older than many ( but not all ) european countries	the united states has the oldest government . just saying .

1 prince performed a cover of radiohead's " creep " at coachella , but forced youtube to remove footage that fans had taken of the performance . youtube reinstated the videos	prince tries to have all of his stuff struck from youtube . he is an immensely talented man . but , % $ # @ him .
2 he just doesn't want youtube / google to profit off of his labor . why should a company that he never signed an agreement with and never gave permission to	i honestly can't really remember listening to a full song by prince . i wonder why .

1 iron man three sets up the origin of man-thing	imagine , marvel sets up man-thing movie , which in turn has easter egg which ret-cons the howard the duck movie and integrates howard into the marvel films universe .

1 the great pyramid of giza was once covered in highly polished white limestone , before it was removed to build mosques and fortresses .	[ it's amazing to think what it must have looked like somewhere in time ] ( http://37.media.tumblr.com/70121218ae4c1f2b884dd9ed23a543c0/tumblr_n6dauritpy1qmklxpo5_500.jpg )
2 did you know that people who built the pyramids were free men and were given food and beer for their job ? so much beer has been drunk over there	the beer was not really alcoholic at all .

1 the nickname ' skip ' identifies someone who has the same first name as their grandparent but not their parent , essentially ' skipping ' a generation .	with a grandpa named adolf , i'm glad this nickname not apply

1 the earliest known recipe for macaroni & cheese dates back to 14th century england	this is seriously the most interesting thing i've heard all day ... !

1 since its introduction in 1998 and extensive combat use , the only thing that's ever destroyed the british challenger 2 was another challenger 2 .	extensive combat use ? come on , steamrolling kids and guys running around with ak - 47s isn't really a true test of a piece of armor . there hasn't
2 exactly ! all west wars in half a century were " fought " against third world countries with no modern armies ! i like to see the uk and france	if you think the iraqis didn't have a real military , you're dead wrong . in ' 91 i believe it was considered in the top 5 most powerful armies

1 hitler loved pranks . he once tricked a high ranking nazi into thinking he was going on a suicide mission , causing him to escape , hand himself over to	he also had this prank where he wanted to convince people he committed suicide . but tupac time-transported from the future to 1945 . together , they built a life-size
2 and obama is a lizard .	of course . i forgot that one .

1 when 6 - year old adam walsh ( the son of america's most wanted host john walsh ) was murdered in 1981 , the police investigation was so inept that	my heart bleeds for this poor child , rip

1 asbestos in the united states has not been banned and is totally legal . when the environmental protection agency tried to ban it , supporters of the asbestos industry actually	in military , i drove a russian tank with brake pads made of asbestos . when you forgot to release the hand brake and the smoke started creeping into the
2 dumb question : were you in the russian army ?	that is a smart question that a dumb person would not have thought to ask , and an uninformed person would not know to ask .

1 seth macfarlane was only 24 when he started family guy , becoming television's youngest executive producer .	i know this will not go over well with the reddit celebrity worship crowd . but i f__cking hate everything he does . it absolutely astounds me that he gets
2 connections make more money than skill .	yes

1 caesar was banging brutus ' mom , servilia caepionis .	i bet caesar's real last words were , " i still f * cked your mom . "

1 during ww1 the british executed soldiers inflicted with shell shock ( combat stress disorder ) on the basis of cowardice because shell shock wasn't considered a psychiatric disorder .	but what about wilfred owen . he was one of the most renowned sufferers of shell shock and received treatment for it . i thnk this may only have been

1 several hells angels members plotted to murder mick jagger after he called them out for fatally stabbing a black man at their free concert in altamont , california in 1969	hell's angels beaten by an act of god .
2 pfft , everyone knows mick jagger is a wizard who can control the weather .	i'd say he's more of a fairy

1 dennis rodman's father , philander , had over 26 children with 16 different women , making him , by definition , a philanderer .	and til that dennis rodman was only 5 ' 6 " in high school . that was surprising .

1 the president of the university of oregon missed out on having " the graduate " filmed at the school in 1967 . not wanting to make the same mistake again	and the famous diner scene in five easy pieces was also filmed in eugene . ... and they have a voodoo donuts . good town .
2 voodoo donuts taste like every other friggin ' donut , they just have ball-shaped donuts and vegan ones ... that's it . i've lived here my whole life and as	they taste like day-old , shitty safeway donuts to me , but then again i've lived in portland for 23 years and i hate everything here .

1 humans can survive indefinitely on a diet of just potatoes and butter	i already learned that in jail .

1 tea is the second most consumed beverage in the world , after water , with more consumed than coffee , soft drinks and alcohol combined .	i'm drinking a cup of tea right this moment .

1 100,000 people left for klondike but only 40,000 made it there and only 4000 found gold .	a chance of 1 in 25 to become rich sound like good odds to me .
2 .. and 15 in 25 of horrible death by starvation / bears / hypothermia / dehydration etc .	actually it says most returned or stayed somewhere and setup shop .

1 the inventor of the . zip format died of a peppermint schnapps overdose	are you saying that there is such thing as too much peppermint schnapps ? ?

1 the flavour " blackcurrant " is largely unknown to people in the united states , due to a ban on the berry in the early 1900s .	there are also red currants and white currants . the red ones tend to be more sour and the white ones are similar but with a more subtle flavour .
2 i feel like i'm a minority on this one , but red currants > black currants . never been a fan of black currants , but the red ones are	i agree with you 100 % for fresh eating , but black currants make superior preserves imho . ever had a jostaberry ? black currant / gooseberry hybrid . truly

1 declawing cats is legal in most us states but forbidden by the eu	what a lot of people in this thread don't realize is that vets have changed the way they declaw . they used to pull out the entire claw , which
2 yeah , i want an indoor giraffe , but it doesn't suit the interior of my house , so i'll just have to cut its legs off .	that's completely different .

1 peta had a problem with the whaling segment of assassins creed : black flag . ubisoft dismissed it saying they did not condone whaling any more than they they condoned	peta would sue history if it could

1 whoopi goldberg choose her stage name , not just as a reference to a whoopee cushion , but also because her mother thought " goldberg " was jewish-sounding enough to	whoopi goldberg isn't her real name . edit : i'm totally being serious . i genuinely thought that was her real name .
2 you'd be surprised at how many well known hollywood actors don't use their real name . e . g . tom cruise was born mustafa jamalawala	while that tingles my funnies . his real name is thomas mapother if anyone wanted to know .
3 o_o i thought tom cruise was his real name too . wtf ? ! the whole world is a lie ! ! !	what if ... what if vin diesel * isn't * his real name ?

1 after reducing her size 34dd breasts to 34c 5 years ago , 2014 french open runner up simona halep has moved up 450 places in the world rankings .	before : http://blacksportsonline.com/home/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/simona-halep-busty-and-sweaty.jpg http://news.makemeheal.com/images/simona-halep-plastic-surgery2.jpg after : http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-TsQfcXnFblI/TbMPZ5MoT7I/AAAAAAAABWI/3V-PxRTj09U/s1600/simona-halep_small.jpg
2 there is no way that is a two cup reduction , i mean , damn .	they mean that liter cup you get at taco bell

1 the book of mormon suggests that there were donkeys , cattle , horses , oxen , sheep , pigs , goats , elephants , wheat , barley , figs ,	i love mormons . next time they come to your door don't turn them away . invite them inside . start cleaning while they talk to you . they'll start
2 " mormons are great people . you should take advantage of them even though you have no respect for them . "	i don't think it's taking advantage since most mormons in this thread said they prayed for opportunities like that out of sheer boredom .

1 j . r . r tolkien fought in multiple battles during wwi . including battle of thiepval ridge and the assault on the schwaben redoubt .	tolkien also survived the battle of the somme , and flemming was at dieppe on a ship offshore awaiting the return of a special unit which was supposed to retrieve
2 wasn't hitler * also * at the battle of the somme ? there was a post on here a couple months back that said just that in the title ;	sauron is literally hitler
3 seemingly likely but apparently tolkien hated allegory and parallels between his books and reality were just incidental	" no , i made it up ! it was in no way influenced by my storied and fascinating life ! no connection ! "

1 in 1975 , a 15 - year-old girl was beaten to death , with the primary suspects in the murder being kennedy-cousins thomas and michael skakel . although michael skakel	mark fuhrman wrote a book called murder in greenwich which really shed new light on the case and helped with the arrest of skakel .
2 > mark fuhrman didn't he use the n-word once ? can we trust the word of such a hitlerian monster ? ^ ^ / s	yeah . he was branded as a racist , and maybe he was . what has been said over and over again was that he's a helluva detective .

1 : when ketchup is labeled " fancy " it's actually a usda grade meaning it's thicker than standard ketchup .	so that's why it takes so dang long to come out of the bottle , fanciness .
2 when in doubt , pinky out !	i just stick a butter knife up the neck of the bottle . but i guess a pinky would work too ?
3 http://imgur.com/nmv6Wff	that brown speck at the tip of his arm is discouraging .

1 the area surrounding chernobyl " will not be safe for human life again for another 20,000 years "	the stalkers won't mind . they'll go into the zone anyway to seek their fortune .

1 rapper ti saved the lead singer of creed's life after a suicide attempt . this is one of three lives ti has saved .	so fair to say hip hop saved his life ?

1 the piledriver was banned in wwe in 2000 , unless the wrestler has special permission to use it . in a discussion in 2007 , stephanie mcmahon said that only	this happened because a few wrestlers ( namely , stone cold steve austin ) got a stinger from a pile driver . a lot of wrestlers were getting hurt from
2 like , permanently paralyzed ? i must learn more .	having a person be plowed headfirst into something could lead to paralysis .

1 this past season , tannehill broke marino's franchise record for completions in a season	tannehill is seriously underrated . he had the misfortune of being a part of one of the best qb drafts ever .
2 i've always said that i think he's the 2nd best qb from that draft . and that's not bad only being behind luck .	ordinarily i would do the whole " but russell wilson works with nothing and he is dreamy ! ! ! " but no one does more with less than tannehill
3 both tannehill and luck have had samson satele at center and that's just no way to live ... literally	he actually played solid when we needed him , and even moved pouncey to guard because satele was playing so well .

1 the smallest muscle in your body , found in the middle ear , dampens the sound of your own voice when you speak . recordings of your voice sound odd	which one is my middle ear ?
2 this reminded me of a joke . how many ears does spock have ? the left ear , the right ear , and the final front ear .	[ ba dum tss ] ( http://asset-8.soup.io/asset/7502/5357_88ef.gif )

1 due to the speed of its orbit and rotation , mercury's days are longer than its years .	though , if we lived on a planet that had the same characteristics , we'd classify time there much differently than we do currently on earth .

1 if momma did ' buy me a mockingbird ' she would be violating the migratory bird treaty act of 1918 , and would be subject to a fine of up	not if she gets you a breeding pair and successfully files for an exception with fish and wildlife services .

1 scientology isn't legally considered a religion in all countries . switzerland identifies it as a commercial enterprise , france and chile as a cult , and norway as a non-profit	sci-fi cult , that's my vote .

1 i recently decided to catch up on archer . well , come to find out , the 3d background models are made here in kc for the show .	my brother-in-law is one of the animators that does the backgrounds . in the first season his name is in the credits , but they took them out afterwards .
2 what the shit ?	he got fired but hasn't told his wife or her family yet .

1 : the world record for alcohol consumption is by andre the giant , who drank 156 beers in one sitting ( over 73 litres / 16 gallons ) .	ameture

1 winston churchill once said " you can always count on the americans to do the right thing — after they have tried everything else . "	while you men sit around commenting on military might throughout the ages , i am going to think of some killer paraprosdokian phrases to impress people . i love that

1 the lead singer of modest mouse was left by his mother to live on the second floor of a flooded house until he was evicted by police , forcing him	the real bubbles

1 the theme song to m * a * s * h , titled suicide is painless , had the lyrics written by the 14 year old son of the movie's	the m * a * s * h theme song had lyrics
2 m \ * a \ * s \ * h you have to escape the * ' s with \ ' s .	learning a lot today , lol . thank you :)

1 the hardy boys was ghost-written by several people over the years , some of whom were paid as little as $ 75 per book	my great uncle wrote one of them .
2 which one ? i still remember cabin island to this day , 40 years later .	i can't remember which one . i never met him , but i was a huge fan of the books when i was a kid . my grandma bought me

1 st john's wood is the only london underground station whose name does not have a common letter with the word " mackerel "	probably the most useless thing i've learnt today , and probably the only thing i'll remember about today .

1 mexican drug lord joaquín guzmán loera made an appearance at a restaurant where after taking his seat , his henchmen locked the restaurant doors , collected the cell phones of	... oh and , a round of permanent siestas for everyone ! olé ! ! !

1 - after mao grabbed power in china there were so many suicides in shanghai that people were afraid to walk near skyscrapers for fear that suicides might land on them	" he's going to get us all killed ! quickly , we have to commit suicide ! "

1 as pandas are biologically carnivorous and derive little energy from bamboo , they eat between 20 and 30 pounds of bamboo a day . consequently , they also defecate up	[ relevant ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4eqUtK61SOs )

1 heriberto lazcano lazcano , the leader of the loz zetas cartel , the second largest and often considered the most dangerous drug cartel in mexico , started out an elite	the zetas are known as being ex military .

1 playboy refused to print richard thompson's list of best songs of the millennium because he took the task literally and chose songs dating back to 1068	" playboy did not use his list " , the wording on your wikipedia link , is not the same as " refused to print . "
2 drama = upvotes ... welcome to reddit . have a kitten .	/ r / drama

1 jimmy carter said if he became president , he would release all government ufo information to the public . once elected , he decided not to due to " national	to be fair , this was at the height of the cold war and there were a shit ton of black air force and space programs . he could quite
2 the sr - 71 was so far ahead of its time that it could very well be considered a ufo . the pilots were told to just go faster if	or the avro arrow in 1958 that was the most superior aircraft around and was only scrapped to appease american interest . http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Avro_Canada_CF-105_Arrow

1 : even with the bare minimum of driver training on its use , the british roundabout has been proven to be at least 20 % more efficient at moving traffic	i always thought they were stupid ... and confusing ... until my girlfriend pointed out that we never really have to stop very long at them and nobody gets confused
2 despite knowing this , i despise them because they give me the sensation of an impending crash .	then you dont know how they work
3 i know how they work , it's just hard to check your blindspot , and when i do encounter them , ( because i live in the us ) most	i'm not sure i follow ? the way roundabouts work in the uk is like so : is there a car coming from the right ? if yes , wait

1 the current afc west ( broncos , chiefs , chargers , raiders ) has the longest in-division rivalry in football	* chiefs vs donkeys all time : 49-45- 0 * chiefs vs chokeland all time : 47-47- 2 * chiefs vs the baby blue team : 48-46- 0 that's a
2 just give it a little time , you'll have a losing record vs . denver soon enough .	3 years ! i'm counting down the days ^ ^ ^ not ^ ^ ^ really
3 why 3 years ? you play division opponents twice per year , you only need 1.5 years .	we're 4 games behind . 2 games a year , we need two years to tie . and then one more to take the lead .

1 easter will be on april fool's day in 2018	maybe i'll actually go to church ..

1 in 1945 , dwight d . einsenhower predicted that people would try to dispel the holocaust as a falsehood , and ordered innumerable pictures to be taken of the nazi	good man for knowing that people in history have a tendency for covering up atrocities .
2 " who remembers now the extermination of the armenians ? " - adolf hitler	as a jew who's best friend is armenian , i cannot even imagine what it must be like to have so little acknowledgement of the atrocities committed against her people
3 > i cannot even imagine what it must be like to have so little acknowledgement of the atrocities committed against her people . it happened long ago , those involved	ya ! fuck the natives !

1 according to rotten tomatoes , the toy story trilogy is the most critically acclaimed trilogy of all time .	: no one at rotten tomatoes has seen the original star wars trilogy .

1 on february 28 , 1986 , the prime minister of sweden was assassinated as he left a movie theater . although a man was arrested under suspicion , he was	well , popular opinion is a fallacy of the majority .

1 andy warhol was shot and seriously wounded by a radical feminist , who spent only 3 years in prison for the crime .	it's so interesting that you included " radical feminist " but not * * paranoid schizophrenic , * * that she served time in prison * and a mental hospital
2 it didn't fit his narrative , bro .	i'm no bro , but yeah , he's clearly grinding an axe .
3 sis ?	it's why i tend to use the gender-neutral " friend " online , or something similar , instead of assuming everyone's a dude . but yeah , i'm of the

1 pornstar sunny leone dated comedian russel peters and his " dating a pornstar " set ( in comments ) is actually about her .	bdsm wiki page not blocked by workplace firewall , pornstars wiki page blocked by firewall ... riddle me that
2 learn ddns , learn how to rdp , use no proxy . surf web on your home pc from work ... profit	would you like to link us how ?

1 the former dog mascots of texas a & m university are buried in a graveyard near the football stadium with their noses and paws pointed so towards the scoreboard .	whoop !

1 " the lord of the rings : the return of the king " is the first and only fantasy film ever to win an academy award for " best picture	it's not like there is a massive amount of snubbed fantasy films . most of them are crap .
2 even troll ?	you mean troll 2 .

1 fiji water ran ad stating , " the label says fiji because it's not bottled in cleveland " . cleveland water dept responded by running tests comparing a bottle of	the bottling plant in fiji also pollutes the local water so bad people cant drink it . i rarely boycott things ( only because i don't buy much ) but
2 do you have a source for this ? it's a bold claim with nothing to back it up .	because it's bullshit ¯ \ _ ( ツ ) _ / ¯
3 type ¯ \ \ \ _ ( ツ ) _ / ¯ to get ¯ \ \ \ _ ( ツ ) _ / ¯	never

1 suggests pepsi's success over coca-cola in the " pepsi challenge " is a result of the flawed nature of the " sip test " method . tasters will generally prefer	well you didn't expect coke to win the pepsi challenge , did you ?

1 easter will be on april fool's day in 2018	going from 4/20 last year to april fools day in 2018 . easter chose the wrong month to be in

1 male giraffes have sex with other males more frequently than they have sex with female giraffes .	welcome to nerdfighteria .

1 declawing cats is legal in most us states but forbidden by the eu	itt do you hate declawing or are you an animal abuser ?
2 see i have always had a problem with that kind of logic : > don't declaw your cats , that is like cutting off a human's finger at the first	kinda like castration , and yes we still do that to humans too .

1 singapore airlines has a corpse cupboard to store people who die mid-flight .	as someone who works for another major airline , let me tell you how useful this is . i know 4 different crew members who have been flying between 1
2 is that for real ? you could end up sitting next to a fucking corpse for , say , the duration of a 15 hour flight ? people often shit	at least you get both armrests now .
3 and extra sick bags . you'll need them too .	yeah , you'll need something to store the valuables in that you pilfer from the corpse .

1 during a pledge drive , a dj at a portland , or radio station promised that the station would never play " stairway to heaven " again if someone made	pre-emtive strike against the [ rolfster ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/mWNDTwh ) ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=5NMzuQFHJVU ) http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-27503268

1 most senior animators at disney chose to work on pocahontas rather than the lion king as many at disney had little faith in the project , leaving mostly first time	ex disney inbetweener here , certain cuts from lion king were shown to us during training as examples of how not to animate .
2 wow ok , well there's a scene that zooms onto young simbas face , it's terrible , it's shakey and amateurish disney wanted everything smooth especially when it's on the	it's been ages since i saw lion king so i don't remember any specific issues but any other examples would be appreciated .
3 look closely at this scene , it's a mess , pay close attention to simbas jittery eyes , all these cuts would've been failed and returned for a rework .	appalling is a strong word for a movie like the lion king , i don't see what is so bad about this clip . i've watched the clip 3 times

1 ... the beatles literally stopped touring because their music could not be amplified loud enough to compete with screaming crowd noise , even with custom , purpose-built amplifiers .	here's what the three remaining ( at the time ) beatles said in the beatles anthology documentary . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9P__dBGV0lk

1 brad pitt and angelina jolie sold the first pictures of their newborn child to the highest bidders--and donated all proceeds ( $ 7.6 m ) to charities benefiting african children	this is an example of how exploiting stupid people can fit in a utilitarian framework .

1 a roman dictator , cincinnatus , was made a dictator while he was plowing his fields . after saving rome from rival tribes , he humbly returned to his farm	after three years of latin in high school , this is one of the only things i remember .

1 new zealand is considered to be the birthplace of jogging	dear world , we're sorry . – new zealand

1 teller ( from penn & teller ) began his silence during his youth when performing for college fraternities . he found that if he was silent , they would stop	he has a one hour interview on penn's podcast http://feeds.feedburner.com/PennSundaySchool feb 3rd 2013 episode .
2 thank you so much , i'm listening to this right now !	after you finish go back and listen to the rest , it's a great podcast
3 it's a decent podcast , i just wish the ads were more natural - - they just jam them in there after the fact , but there are no real	in a couple of them the ads were edited in after the podcast was recorded . it has moored with more recent ones , but ads are still annoying no

1 when hitler forced the french to surrender during ww2 he did so on the site where the germans were forced to surrender in ww1 . not only that but he	well that tears it . now i really don't like hitler .

1 a man renovated a three story hotel specifically to kill people . it included stairways to nowhere and a maze of over 100 windowless rooms . he killed as many	clearly , we need to ban video games and rethink gun control .
2 dude haven't you read the article ? he renovated his house to make it a murder mansion , the only reasonable thing to blame here is ... bob the builder	further down the line is jesus and his dad joseph . the bible is the cause of this monstrosity .
3 jesus is literally hitler ... and if jesus is god ... then hitler is ...	karmanaut .

1 beatrice arthur of " the golden girls " served in the us marine corps .	why am i , for some reason , not surprised ?

1 a bear almost caused world war iii .	we bearly dodged wwiii you say ?

1 : there are 19 countries that do not recognise the people's republic of china	it has a pretty distinctive shape ; i'm not sure why it's such a problem .

1 bayer , famous for producing aspirin , purchased prisoners at auschwitz to test new drugs	ohhhhh , yeah . bayer is [ but one of a few nazi era companies still around today ] ( http://www.cracked.com/article_15767_third-reich-to-fortune-500-five-popular-brands-nazis-gave-us.html ) that pulled some seriously awful shit in the
2 it's always crazy when you find out that some big time company was doing shit for the nazis back in those times . to a lesser extent , i found	and by " millions " you mean " about 752 000 € " . hb " paid an absolute minimum into the compensation fund ” for this little error of

1 the earliest piece of great literature , the epic of gilgamesh , includes a story in which gilgamesh is told to build a ship to save the animals of the	the book of genesis was written centuries after the actual events happened . the torah's stories were passed down orally from generation to generation until they were finally put onto
2 man , ain'tchu ever play the game telephone as a kid ? you can't even pass the same two words around a circle of 12 people !	you could if those words were more important than your individual lives , though .

1 jason lee divorced , and cut off all contact with , his first wife after she read an anti-scientology book	god damnit ! they got to jason lee too ! fuck !
2 and laura prepon	and hyde and francis from malcolm in the middle who are brothers .

1 lsd has been shown to treat alcoholism five times more effectively than alcoholics anonymous .	but then you're a glass of orange juice .

1 of the 43 starters in the 2003 osu-miami fiesta bowl , 37 would become nfl draft picks , including 18 first rounders . 58/100 players eventually played in the nfl	that's like 43 percent , right ?

1 during wwi , a british soldier showed mercy to a wounded german infantryman ... who later turned out to be adolf hitler .	: wwii is to blame on the brits for not shooting hitler 1914 !
2 thats like saying its the americans fault for 9/11 because they built a few towers . there are many more reasons for it . in the same way that hitler	as if i mean this serious .. - . -

1 it is an offence to say that the golden color of the german flag as " yellow " .	you mean i can't describe the colours on the german flag as " guiness poop black " " period red " and " piss yellow " god damn zany germans

1 even though lenin believed certain sexual practices to be immoral and bourgeois , the soviet union allowed them anyways because they didn't believe the government had to right to prevent	gay sex was a criminal offense in soviet union . thousands of gays died in the gulag .

1 yang ( lenovo's ceo ) received a $ 3 million bonus as a reward for record profits , which he in-turn redistributed to about 10,000 of lenovo's employees . he	$ 10,000 out of 3 million ? that doesn't sound like a sacrifice to me . i don't get how people think this is something special .
2 i think you're special .	that's how his parents explain it to him , too

1 prostitution was widely legal in the united states up until the early 1900 ' s , when the woman's christian temperance union lobbied against it . this was the same	pretty much everything was legal until then . pot and coke and all that . the country was a libertarian's wet dream
2 na they outlawed narcotics in a much more dubious fashion . see with alcohol hey amended the constitution , with all other drugs they vaguely interpretted the commerce clause using	between the commerce clause and standing requirements to challenge the constitutionality of laws means the feds can do almost anything
3 everyone whines about the court being too conservative , but at least the rehnquist court called the feds on their bullshit commerce clause arguments a couple times .	roberts court has taken the biggest stand against the cc in 80 years .

1 after arriving in los angeles at 19 , a broke charlize theron tried to cash a check from her mother to pay for rent , but the teller refused .	... and some dick .

1 napolean wasn't actually short . he was actually a taller than average . british propaganda portrayed him as shorter .	i'm not french , but napoleon seems to have accomplished an awful lot . it was downplayed by other nations because their aristocracy hated him for it .
2 he was even referred to as the antichrist partly on the basis of his radical " treating jews like people " policies .	that was the reason he was forced to go to war with russia , and thus sealing his fate ...

1 : when the ocarina of time was remade for the 3ds , nintendo purposefully did not fix many of the original game's bugs , to give players as close an	i don't remember any bugs , but i was just a wee lad when i played that

1 rashid bin saeed al maktoum , the emir of dubai from 1958 to 1990 , said of their oil-centric economy : " my grandfather rode a camel , my father	his son's son will drive a tesla .
2 he's making a statement about their economy . take your shitty circlejerk and leave .	i was making a comment about the progression of technology and the less need for oil in the future . take your anger and leave .

1 every purple heart awarded by the military since 1945 is one of the 500,000 purple hearts manufactured in anticipation of u . s . casualties resulting from the invasion of	' well done soldier . here's a surplus medal we've had lying around in storage for 70 years to compensate you for your missing * face * . '

1 eminem once took so much methadone , doctors informed him that he had taken the equivalent of four bags of heroin , and was " about two hours from dying	wtf is a ' bag of heroin ' ? how many grams is in a ' bag ' ? i could tell him he took 40 bags of heroin and

1 in 1984 , british comedian tommy cooper had a heart attack and died on live television . the audience all assumed it was part of his act and laughed /	i wonder how often that happ edit : fuck , of course this won't work when you actually have to press a button to post it . oh well ,

1 list of territorial disputes in europe	always thought the size and complexity of the rockall dispute is a bit silly considering what we're arguing about is [ just this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Rockall-photo_crop.JPG ) . it's nowhere
2 yeah , but it's our rock surrounded by our fish .	rockall is faroese / danish clay , remove chips and hákarl from premises
3 come at me , bro !	i have already jumped aboard the longship .

1 : women who perform oral sex on their husbands decrease the chances of some complications during pregnancy . the incidence of such complications decreases further if she swallows .	the second wikipedia citation uses the first paper as a reference , and the first paper says that there is a non significant difference between the control group and the
2 i've read one of them , and i also read a bit about the pi . he's basically a guy obsessed with all the reasons that women should roll around	so like before she swallows it , she should like rub it all over her boobs and stuff put it in a cup and drink it up ?

1 the writing staff of futurama held three ph . d . s , seven masters degrees , and cumulatively had more than 50 years at harvard	harvard ... best 50 years of my life

1 when mr . t was serving in the army , his platoon sergeant punished him by ordering him to chop down trees . however , he did not specify how	paul bunyan can eat a dick .

1 the us invaded guatemala in 1954 and deposed democratically elected president jacobo árbenz guzmán for the benefit of an american fruit company	the us also did similar things in peru and panama . getting rid of troublesome foreign leaders who were more concerned with their country's wellbeing rather than pander to american
2 you forget iran , egypt and a slew of other middle eastern countries who had triving democraties which were overthrown by the us for oil . edit : relevant the	i was just adding to the list a few of the other first comments had started . iran and egypt were already mentioned

1 lindsay lohan was approached to star in the hangover . she declined because the screenplay ' had no potential '	hindsight is 20/20 . there are many a list actors ( not to say lohan is one of them ) who have passed on parts that were later critically acclaimed
2 will smith was offered the role of neo in the 1st matrix . he turned it down for wild wild west .	he also turned down playing django in django unchained .
3 that was not a mistake he regrets . he is the # 1 movie star in the world . he is a brand . it's not about being in cool	\ # 1 ? ? lol . on what planet are his movies all the rage ?

1 the sun contains 99.86 % of the mass in the solar system .	vlogbrothers video ?

1 the us mint in 2007 started issuing $ 1 coins with us presidents on them , starting with washington . they got to garfield last year and cancelled the program	it was cancelled because nobody wanted them . only 40 % of americans believe evolution is true . coincidence ? i think not .

1 mathematicians have jokingly proposed a standard unit of measurement for beauty : the " millihelen . " inspired by helen of troy , a millihelen is defined as " the	the face that launched a thousand ships ... that must have hurt a lot . i'd have stopped after one .

1 the rabbit used in monty python and the holy grail was a real rabbit . also , the crew used a red dye which they thought was washable , but	well yeah , of course it was a real rabbit . [ look at it . ] ( https://youtu.be/pmu5sRIizdw ) it hops around and everything , i don't think animatronics
2 it's been a while since i've seen the movie , i thought it was a fake . oh well , the point of the til wasn't that it was real	well it is fake when it's flying around , unless you guys know of a flying rabbit species .
3 [ wolpertinger ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wolpertinger )	non-mobile : [ wolpertinger ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wolpertinger ) ^ that's ^ why ^ i'm ^ here , ^ i ^ don't ^ judge ^ you . ^ pm ^ /

1 jeremy clarkson punched piers morgan in the face .	“ tonight , the new viper , which is the american equivalent of a sportscar … in the same way , i guess , that piers morgan the equivalent of

1 in college , theodor seuss geisel was caught drinking gin with his friends ; as a result , his dean insisted he resign from the college magazine . to continue	it's also worth mentioning that " seuss " is pronounced " soice " like " voice " .
2 i always pronounced it like zeus , but on the other hand i have never heard his name being spoken anyway . swedes don't get trippy books like that .	that's how germans would pronounce his name actually ( i think the name is german , the eu and ss are typical for german names ) .
3 you're almost right . it would actually be pronounced like " zoiss . " ' eu ' makes an " oi " sound in german .	i thought that was already implied :D as a deutscher i know how to pronounce eu

1 suge knight's girlfriend who was about to testify against him disappeared and hasn't been found since 2008 . when all charges were cleared suge knight said " god is good	naw , it's okay . he's famous and has a lot of money , so it's okay .
2 doesn't have lots of money .. why do you think his bail is set at 19k .	right .. you think someone like suge who most likely is inthe drug and other shdy business is going to have his money in a bank ? ? or some

1 in the new deal , fdr called for a new tax program called the revenue act of 1935 , which imposed an income tax of 79 % on incomes over	little passive aggressive there eh ?

1 when the arctic monkeys started their band , none of them could play instruments	lesson : if you have a dream , go for it

1 jamie oliver's children's first names are : poppy honey rosie , daisy boo pamela , petal blossom rainbow , buddy bear maurice .	what a wanker .

1 bruce lee could snatch a dime off a person's open palm before they could close it , and leave a penny behind	i had an old man do this to me while i was working in a restaurant . it doesn't seem as special to me . he definitely was spry for

1 the word " lollapalooza " was a shibboleth used by american soldiers in the pacific to identify japanese spies who would mispronounce it as " rorrarooza "	* shibboleth * : a shibboleth is any distinguishing practice that is indicative of one's social or regional origin . very interesting .
2 oh , i get it now . so , it's like how one can determine if someone is a new yorker from a person who is from chicago by their	yep . oregon , where i live , has one where you can tell whether someone's out of state by how they pronounce ' oregon ' . people from the
3 strange . i'm from maryland and i've always pronounced it " orrigun " . but then again , i also say " washington state " .	northwesterners generally call it dc .

1 the american aircraft carrier uss enterprise once ran aground while george takei was aboard .	oh my !

1 after a student was suspended for wearing one of their tees , the band korn gave away hundreds of their shirts to a michigan high school . police actually helped	i still love listening to their music when i work out .. great lifting music . make me bad is one such song .

1 st . patrick isn't irish , but welsh ( that is to say , he was romano-british , whom the later saxons called the welsh )	he was captured by pirates and brought to ireland

1 the humble opossum has near-total immunity to rattlesnake venom and very rare incidence of rabies	imma bite you anyways

1 jim varney had a photographic memory and would shoot up to 25 " ernest " commercials a day inserting different product names during different takes .	he did commercials for a sacramento area car dealership so i didn't realize he was well known outside of northern california .
2 i knew him from his ads for the cerritos auto square in southern california .	ha ! i remember watching those all the time on daytime tv . his and cal worthington ford commercials .

1 bruce lee could snatch a dime off a person's open palm before they could close it , and leave a penny behind	> lee performed 50 reps of one-armed chin-ups . holy moly . [ ] ( / b07 )
2 apparently he was able to do the second hit of his rekka and be safe on block before they patched him , too .	cannot not upvote this reference .

1 lego has no military related sets because the inventor's policy was to not want to make war seem like child's play	to this day i still remember my mother's disappointed look when she saw the lego concentration camp i had created as a child .
2 but it was a whole set ! how could she be upset if you were just following the instructions ? http://raster.art.pl/gallery/artists/libera/libera_lego.htm	oo

1 the 1996 ( us ) election was the first time the winner of the male vote didn't win the general election .	considering that american elections are semi-anonymous , an accurate assessment's not suppose to be possible .

1 : while shooting the lord of the rings , viggo mortensen ( aragorn ) often spent days hiking to the film's remote locations , in costume and carrying his sword	this is the exact same title as the last time this was reposted . let's at least change it up a * little * .

1 snooker player ronnie o'sullivan was once charged with bringing the game into disrepute after playing an opponent left-handed . he was summoned to a disciplinary hearing where he had to	what does bringing the game into disrepute mean ?
2 but if what you're asking is how he supposedly brought the game into disrepute ... i don't know the details of the match , but i'm presuming he was winning	that is rather stupid . edit not you the fact that playing with an other hand would be disrespectful .
3 imagine if nolan ryan ( right handed ) would've pitched left handed to a batter he felt wasn't up to snuff . or michael jordan played basketball in flip flops	i still don't see it .

1 astronaut jim irwin , who walked on the moon , was a creationist christian who later led expeditions to turkey to find noah's ark	proof that even an astronaut can be a complete fucking moron .

1 it ’ s illegal for drug companies to advertise to consumers almost everywhere in the world . the only exceptions are the us and new zealand .	i see alcohol ads all the time here in the uk ;)

1 when george washington died , napoleon ordered 10 days of mourning in france	i'm pretty sure that more surprisingly the british flew all their ships flags at half mast at news of his death
2 just because you may be enemies with someone doesn't mean you can't respect them .	especially because he was a celebrated british soldier before the sons of liberty started up and the revolution happened .
3 assassin's creed taught me that	ugh , that game . i'm a big fan of most of the series , and i like how it introduces the casual gamer to history , but man ,

1 alan moore created rorschach of the watchmen as an insult to steve ditko's similar characters the question and mr . a , calling ditko's objectivist philosophies " laughable . "	as an insult ? really ? i've always heard he was inspired by the question , not made to mock him ... was someone just trying to be polite ?

1 the holograph of palpatine in the empire strikes back was played by a woman with chimpanzee eyes superimposed on her face .	you mean in the original release of * the empire strikes back * .

1 shakuntala devi , an indian mental calculator , was asked to give the 23rd root of a 201 - digit number ; she answered in 50 seconds . her answer	http://imgur.com/wbIQMo0 have had this for long now . time to unleash the beast
2 > for long time ?	around 8 years now

1 dana carvey had heart-bypass that was done incorrectly . he was awarded $ 7.5 million for medical malpractice which he donated entirely to charity .	[ ft link fy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dana_Carvey#Health ) .

1 nba hall of famer patrick ewing frequently faced racist chants while he played in college . in one game after an orange was thrown at him , the opposing coach	what is the significance of the " orange " ?
2 i'm guessing he was playing syracuse university who has a rivalry with georgetown ( who ewing played for ) . syracuse's team name is the orange . their mascot is	yeah . the georgetown rivalry was pretty intense at the time , and it's not like the syracuse orangemen were all white guys . iirc , around that time the

1 tommy wiseau ( the room ) had an unusually intense obsession with actor james dean , and that a lot of the lines in the room were basically ripped directly	i would really like to see rebel without a cause dubbed with the tommy delivery of the lines .

1 the first proposal to tunnel under the english channel was put forward by a frenchman in 1802 . it would have had illumination from oil lamps , horse-drawn coaches ,	[ they actually started digging in 1875 ] ( https://sites.google.com/site/channeltunnelcven207/ ) , but the uk military got their panties in a knot over it being a potential route for french
2 who would invade a country through a narrow , under the sea , tunnel it's shouting " ambush spot "	seriously . or wait until the enemy fills it out with soldiers and blast it open . the whole invasion force would be drowned .

1 james may , richard hammond , and jeremy clarkson from top gear will script and shoot a car chase for the new die hard movie .	if it's anything like their last attempt at a movie chase , it'll be rubbish but hilarious .
2 can we talk about how in the last die hard , bruce willis literally used a car as a missile to shoot down a helicopter ? these styles are going	well he was out of bullets .

1 the huns had no writing system , and thus all records of them were written by their enemies - - who universally describe them as nearly monstrous in appearance ,	it would be hilarious if the huns were gentle , delicate , legolas the elf like creatures who got a bad rap simply because they couldn't write .
2 well ... they were top quality archers .	they also caused hundreds of germanic tribes to flee and in turn invade the roman empire because they were so good at killing people .

1 indonesia realized dead manta rays are worth $ 500 whereas manta ray tourism brought in $ 1,000 , 000 over the life of a single ray . indonesia is now	money talks .

1 a week before the iraq war began , tim russert reported " every analysis said this war itself would cost about $ 80 billion [ ... ] we should expect	tim was just doing what american media usually does , parroting the government line .

1 in the online game eve a player group spent 12 months infiltrating a rival group , then assassinated their leader and stole or destroyed $ 16,500 . 00 usd worth	the greatest game i never intend to ever play .
2 why are people so afraid of eve ? get a free month , do the tutorials , come to null , join brave , met rad people , have a	i tried it , had freinds playing for years . it was so slow i didn't make it through the free trial .
3 when you don't generate content in a player generated content game ... that might happen .	they had me farming rocks and training skills for days . it's not for everyone . my friends played it between betas and loved it . i was unable to

1 many phrases in english come from literal translations of chinese phrases , such as " long time no see " , " no go " , " lose face "	english ... made in china .
2 很多的东西在中国制造了 ， 但是 ， 我觉得这不是一个问题 。 going to hijack my own comment to throw this out there : if you guys knew the conditions of workers here , the polluted	i'm way too lazy to translate that ... someone deliver ?
3 it says " i'm a korean son of a bitch american american is pig do you want a hamburger ? do you want a pizza ? american is pig disgusting	fuck did i misclick and playing on a korean scii server ?

1 vanna white sued samsung for $ 403,000 for using a robot in an ad that turned tiles on a board ...	this article has a picture . it was a print ad . http://natchgreyes.com/blog/?p=19 basically , the judges are moron .

1 in 1985 , 2 men broke into fran drescher's home and one of them raped fran and her friend and gunpoint while fran's husband was tied up and forced to	fuck . this is my worst nightmare .

1 dogfish head creates beer recipes based upon the chemical analysis of residue found on pottery and drinking vessels from various archaeological sites . they're called " ancient ales " .	dogfish head makes some of the best beers in the world imho . i have yet to have an ipa as delicious as their 90 minute .
2 have you had the 75 minute ? holy cow is that one delicious .	that sounds perfect . i love the 60 minute , but the 90 minute is a bit too much for me .

1 johnny cash started a forest fire that destroyed over 500 acres and killed 49 of the refuge's 53 endangered condors . when confronted about it , he said " i	more to the point , and in johnny's own words ... " i didn't do it , my truck did , and it's dead , so you can't question it
2 johnny's jimmies remain unrustled .	stop with this fucking jimmies thing . it hasn't been funny for months .
3 not only is jimmies fucking hilarious , it's also an unforced meme . one of the only new-ish unforced memes that have been introduced in years . it is internet	oh god this guy thinks it's not forced

1 homosexuality was still classified as an illness in sweden in 1979 . swedes protested by calling in sick to work , claiming they felt gay .	if pedophilia is considered a mental disorder then the only reason homosexuality is not is because of politics .
2 homosexuality and pedophilia are not the same thing , not by a long shot	what do you expect when people's formal education of homosexuality pretty much amounted to " gays are ded icky " ?

1 : dian fossey , american primatologist murdered in rwanda , left all her money ( including movie profits from " gorillas in the mist " ) to the digit fund	thanks to / u / chemicalxv for submitting this [ two years ago ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/lgn2v/til_dian_fossey_left_all_her_money_to_her/ ) ! very topical today due to the google doodle ...
2 hey that's me o__o lol no upvotes on original .	i'll upvote you here buddy .

1 in 1989 , cia original operative , wrote that in the future , world war 3 would occur when " soviet russia " dupes the united states and israel into	he also went on to predict the ending of lost , adding that " it won't really be worth watching after season 4 , though . "
2 six years of my life . six . i wish i came across it after the fact and binge watched it on netflix . six .	i was actually expecting downvotes for this . it's nice to hear other people agree because all my friends * loved * season 6 . i think i need new

1 marijuana was demonized and made illegal in the 30 ' s thanks to paper lobbies	i remember my first day on the internet !

1 every winter at a research station in the south pole , 50 people are left totally isolated for 8 months . an annual tradition for the personnel is the back	because nothing like having psychological terror in the middle of nowhere
2 i'd say it's an educational series on what mistakes not to make during the inevitable alien attack !	remember , kill the dog , and burn the remains .
3 also make sure you're well versed in norwegian and know the difference between norwegian and swedish .	hey sweden !

1 the kirby character ( of nintendo fame ) was originally a placeholder to be replaced once the real character was completed .	none of my friends know who kirby is , and that makes me incredibly sad for them . they must've been out playing in the street when they could've been
2 i'm not sure if i'm allowed to chip in given my age ( mid 30 ' s ) , but none of my friends have a clue who kirby is	super smash bros . 64 is the defacto dorm room game , at least here in northeast us , and kirby is the easiest character to destroy everyone with in

1 hitler never visited a single concentration camp , nor did he ever talk about the killings taking place .	that's because most of the holocaust is bullshit.the ' gas chambers ' version is a big hoax made for propaganda . ___ one third of the holocaust : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7dxsVSzL4HE illustrated
2 fucking moron . you really believe this shit ? ? really ? ? ? just how stupid are you ?	you're wasting your time . r / conspiracy is full of these type of people , and it's infuriating . they will also claim they aren't anti-semitic , and they

1 in 1979 , a number of people called in sick with a case of " being homosexual , " in protest of homosexuality being classified as an illness . within	oh my wife must have passed her gay on to me !

1 jimmy carter deregulated the beer industry and we can thank him for all the awesome microbrews we have today .	and homebrew !

1 when rupert grint got his driver's license , he bought an ice cream truck to fulfill a childhood desire and gives out free ice cream to children .	sure , when ron does it it's cool , but when i do it it's creepy
2 it doesn't help that your " ice cream truck " is a black van with " free candy " painted on the side .	well that's his problem . you need a white van to blend in with the work vans .

1 hulk is basically indestructible and stacked with superpowers such as breathing underwater , surviving in space , resistant to solar temperatures , and extreme regenerability .	what bothers me about the hulk in the comics * and * the movies is that * he never kills anyone * . even when he levels cities ( like
2 according to amadeus cho ( super-smart mutant and hulk fan ) , the hulk's actions are somewhat tempered by the banner personality , which is subconsciously calculating the potential dangers	yeah , i remember that one - and you're right ; for me , as far as explanations go , it's up there with darth maul returning with a robot
3 was darth mauls survival cannon ? i thought it was only in the eu .	canon schmanon . they put it in the clone wars . thats good enough for me .

1 the 1998 sci-fi film " lost in space " is referred to by some as " the iceberg " because it ended titanic's 15 - week run as number one	or as i call it , " joey in space " .

1 bill paxton is the only actor to be killed by a terminator , alien and predator .	he's still alive actually .

1 paul mccartney dreamed the melody of " yesterday " one night and immediately wrote the music the next morning . he then looked around for a month to find out	he thought for awhile he'd heard it as hymn . his original title was " scrambled eggs " brilliant songwriter !

1 the name häagen-dazs is simply two made-up words meant to look scandinavian to american eyes .	i would kill a hundred baby kittens to taste that deliciousness ...

1 chinese armed forces use crossbows at all unit levels to stop persons carrying explosives without risk of causing detonation .	> furthermore , during the xinjiang riots of july 2009 , crossbows were used alongside modern military hardware to * * quell protestors * * probably because : > paul
2 http://i.imgur.com/I99vRp9.jpg	> redditor for 9 hours , 1416 comment karma checks out
3 http://i.imgur.com/snMrRuN.jpg	that's .. impressive .

1 no physical clone trooper armor was ever produced for star wars prequels . every clone trooper was cgi .	i didn't know this , but i'm not surprised at all .

1 the pokémon mew was actually a prank , amongst the staff , programmed in by shigeki morimoto . due to a glitch , players were able to encounter mew .	but there are logs in pokemon that mention mew ...

1 lego has no military related sets because the inventor's policy was to not want to make war seem like child's play	wild wild west ?
2 well , i'm a badass cowboy living in a cowboy's age wicky wicky scratch yo yo bang bang me and artemus clyde frog go save salma hayek from the big	south park has offered some really clever writing and great statements on our society , but clyde frog is the fucking funniest thing ever to me .
3 that's a reference to [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=--HSUhku6tM ) old 70 ' s obscure childrens show called the clyde frog show .	i had no idea . i just think he is so funny .

1 : the christian children's fund once turned down a $ 17,398 donation because it was associated with dungeons and dragons .	i grew up in a really strict christian home . my mom and dad made me listen to an adventures in odyssey episode about how evil dungeons & dragons was
2 [ this ] ( http://www.smbc-comics.com/?id=2636 ) would be the reason as to why a good amount of christians are against it .	i was expecting [ this ] ( http://www.chick.com/reading/tracts/0046/0046_01.ASP ) .
3 oh , christ , i was thinking it was a parody comic . as soon as i looked up and saw the " www.chick.com " url , i realized what	so , wait ... * * people actually thought this would stop others from playing d & d ? * * jesus christ these people are stupid . ( and

1 people have been smoking bongs since the 16th century . made in china .	hookah for even longer .

1 italy have only ever sent two players to the world cup from outside serie a ; roberto di matteo of chelsea and christian vieri of atletico madrid , both in	rossi while he was at villarreal ?
2 unfortunately rossi has yet to play a world cup or european championship .	injured or just not making the cut ?

1 mexican drug lord joaquín guzmán loera made an appearance at a restaurant where after taking his seat , his henchmen locked the restaurant doors , collected the cell phones of	my family has stories of seeing him in their town ( durango , mexico ) and that he's a pretty cool guy , you know , except for the drugs
2 well , say anything about mexican druglords ... but they surely appreciate a good party .	that's every mexican . we love to throw big parties , its in our history .
3 fuck you i hate parties and loud shitty drunk people .	but the food makes it somewhat tolerable

1 right before his death , jim henson did not go to the hospital right away because , his wife believes , " it was likely due to his desire not	so there are others out there like me ...

1 the killer rabbit of caerbannog from monty python and the holy grail was inspired by a carving in the façade of the notre dame cathedral in paris . it shows	brave sir robin ran away ...

1 charles schulz never liked the name " peanuts " which was forced upon him by his syndicate : " it's totally ridiculous , has no meaning , is simply confusing	i remember reading about the massive arguments schulz had with the syndicate over his preferred title , " sein und zeit . " ( being and time ) . he
2 i have no idea what this means but i'm gonna assume it's clever and awesome .	it means omg

1 marijuana ( and hemp ) in the us was actively suppressed by some of the richest men in the country to protect their interests in the newsprint and nylon markets	whee , another post about how marijuana is awesome . i get it , reddit . i get it .

1 on its way back from deployment in the persian gulf in 2002 , the aircraft carrier uss john stennis stopped in freemantle , australia , where her sailors wore out	doesn't surprise me . nimitz class carriers have a crew of nearly 6,000 . imagine if your entire town lived on one boat and stopped at individual ports . i
2 i thought fremantle only had around 25k in population . no wonder the girls were sore .	this is going to sound crazy , but bare with me . people from outside fremantle , go into fremantle .

1 when rupert grint got his driver's license , he bought an ice cream truck to fulfill a childhood desire and gives out free ice cream to children .	rupert grint and the inventor of jelly belly have the same dreams

1 dr . pepper is bottled by both pepsi and coke	despite the fact that [ dr pepper snapple group ] ( http://www.drpeppersnapplegroup.com ) states that it manufactures , bottles , and distributes dr pepper and many other brands ? i'd
2 > nearly half of dps ' annual volume is distributed through our company-owned bottling and distribution network . the remainder is driven through third-party / licensed bottlers and distributors ,	touche good sir , touche . ( i really wish my tablet would let me put the accent over the e , but alas )

1 one of the first books burned by nazis , heinrich heine play , contained a famous line " where they burn books , they will in the end also burn	meanwhile , in the bible belt .
2 you know i have very little patience for the " religious right " either but comparing them to the nazis is just reddit karma mining douchebaggery at it's worst .	i didn't do it for the karma , nor did i explicitly compare them to the nazis , i was simply drawing attention to a very common act of book

1 a japanese warlord ( daimyo ) was once killed while on the toilet by a ninja thrusting a blade into his anus	you sneaky little shit

1 until 2004 you could still choose death by firing squad if sentenced to death in utah .	this is not tough talk , i would honestly rather have this then wait through the process of setting up a lethal injection .
2 and if the staff fucks up a dosage or the administration process , it can leave you conscious and paralyzed throughout the entire process ... http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lethal_injection	i would rather lose my head then become a vegetable . but honestly if i've reached the point of federal execution , i've given up all my rights and choices

1 : when pete conrad , who was somewhat shorter than neil armstrong , stepped onto the lunar surface during apollo 12 , his first words were " whoopie ! man	is he talking about farting in the quote ?

1 both north korea and cuba vehemently denounced the september 11th attacks , despite their previous hostilities towards the u . s .	as a matter of common sense , they wouldn't want to appear to claim credit for it .

1 in the german version of die hard , all the terrorists are given english names .	also , in the american version of die hard , all the terrorists speak fake german . i mean , sure , google translate wasn't around back then , but
2 wahrscheinlich ja .	schadenallemeinikirschkuchenverbrechen . wir simmern und sie autlichten die sommerskeit . man kann mit verforeinden mitsprechen unser mit bei sie alles geschmorgtenessensind . sehen sie auf die u-bahn keine stronge alle
3 let's play spot the fake languages ! there are six .	german , dutch , and spanish are all i can see . edit : japanese , too .

1 in 2002 , bruce willis purchased 12,000 boxes of girl scout cookies for american troops stationed throughout the middle east .	i bought 5 boxes of girl scout cookies a year ago and it's still sitting in the trunk of my car , untouched and forever alone .
2 careful . there were some girl scout cookies recalled last year , i believe . source : a very spotty memory .	oh good , not total recall then .

1 after the capture of a serial killer of children , a police officer found his own daughter tied and gagged in the back of the killer's van .	what nonce meant ...

1 when neil armstrong first walked on the moon , he carried with him a piece from the wright brothers ' first airplane	and to think we went from the first flight to walking on the moon in only 66 years !
2 everyone forgets hot air balloons :(	and few people even know about the first test rockets , which tried gunpowder .

1 the creator of cowboy bebop was told to make a show to sell spaceship toys , with the instructions , " so long as there's a spaceship in it ,	cowboy bebop broke my heart a thousand times . great show .

1 carl sagan was not an atheist and hated the term .	" calling yourself atheist is very stupid " tell me something i don't know

1 prostitution was widely legal in the united states up until the early 1900 ' s , when the woman's christian temperance union lobbied against it . this was the same	pretty much everything was legal until then . pot and coke and all that . the country was a libertarian's wet dream
2 [ the good stuff ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ozSfR.jpg )	a good list of contents , we should be able to do the same today ! " ingredients : flour , salt and some other stuff "

1 tom waits has never allowed his music to be used in commercials and has taken several companies to court for doing so without his consent .	i wouldn't want his music used in anything personally but i guess i just don't like that gritty jazzy stuff .

1 a theoretical data transmission of 37,000 gbit / s is possible through flying a boeing 747 with blu-ray discs from la to ny .	how bout tape drives ? those hold somthing like 48 tb . slow read and write time but they are the same size as a hard drive but half the

1 haiti and liechtenstein unknowingly had the same flag until they first met at the 1936 olympics , this led to the addition of a crown to the the flag of	" flagged for copyright infringement "

1 blowjobs are illegal in malaysia and is punishable with imprisonment of 20 years maximum and whipping .	totally worth it

1 singer tom waits successfully sued the lapd . he was wrongfully arrested for disturbing the peace when , outside a coffee shop , he intervened a group of men who	my favorite tom waits fact is the [ frito lay ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tom_Waits#Lawsuits ) lawsuit . 2.3 million !
2 thanks for telling me about it and linking to that section on wikipedia , it reminded me of the time i clicked the title of this post and read all	why are you being downvoted for this ? he literally posted the the exact same link as the title .

1 the entire goldeneye 007 game on n64 is only 12 mb .	goldeneye for android . please make it so .

1 johnny cash was born with the name j . r . cash because his parents couldn't think of a name . when he enlisted in the air force , they	nice . i noticed his dad in the movie walk the line calling him j . r . and just assume he meant john jr .

1 danny trejo often chooses to play bad guys to teach younger audiences that bad guys often die or go to prison , and that one should try to live a	and nothing at all to do with the fact that he has a face that nightmares are made of . edit : words
2 he lived a pretty bad life before he started acting i believe .	so movie world , you bad you die . real world , you bad you movie star .
3 they don't think it be like it is , but it do .	http://i.imgur.com/W985u.jpg

1 during wwi , albert i , the king of belgium , fought alongside his troops while his wife , queen elisabeth , worked as a nurse at the front .	if only politicians and their families today fought in the wars that they start .
2 many politicians served in the military .	john kerry has 3 purple hearts .

1 the pledge of allegiance was originally conceived by a christian socialist , and was then adopted by a flag company as a marketing scheme to sell flags to schools .	i thought i was in / r / circlejerk

1 though traditionally we think of transplants as involving the removal of one organ and the replacement with another , that is not the case with kidneys . the old kidneys	also not common knowledge : if you're the donor , during surgery you piss inside your own abdomen . after the snip the tube slithers around for a bit like

1 when a squirrel feels it is being watched it may deceptively pretend to bury an object then hide the object in its mouth	sometimes they'll choose several fake spots before finally burying it . can confirm . friends with more than one squirrel .

1 a 20th century execution practice involved women urinating directly into the mouth of a captured soldier until he drowned .	that's hot

1 anne frank detailed her sexual exploration in her original diary but it was later edited out by her father .	so tired of seeing all the wwii , nazi , jew stuff . every week there's at least one thing on reddit , usually far more .
2 so tired of anti-semetic holocaust deniers who feel compelled to spout their conspiracy theories on every thread ...	what are your thoughts on israel paying refugees to leave or imprisoning them ?

1 , prior to world war i , sharpshooter annie oakley was touring europe . by his request , she knocked the ash from a cigarette being held by german emperor	they should do a biopic movie of her . i'd go see that .

1 when the world cup was hosted in the united states in 1994 , they only spent $ 30 million on infrastructure improvements . for the 2014 world cup , brazil	the us already had world class stadiums ... brazil didn't .

1 in the 1830 ' s , mexico had a problem with americans illegally immigrating to mexican texas .	it's all davy crockett's fault .

1 in 1914 henry ford doubled his worker's wages out of pocket , causing wages to rise competitively nation wide . he profited as sales increased now that many more americans	holy shit , he's a fucking genius .

1 there is a factory in japan which can run unsupervised for 30 days at a time . robots build other robots at the rate of 50 per 24 - hour	" robots building robots : now that's just stupid . "
2 i recently read the book , and asimov went in a little deeper than just robots building robots ...	yes . he created a whole subculture . but the quote from the watered-down movie works well here .

1 of the 270 moon rocks the us gifted to the world , 180 are currently unaccounted for .	bull shit i can buy one on ebay for $ 20
2 nah , dude . those are fake . you have to get the $ 30 ones .	please , everyone knows that they are only legit with a certificate of authenticity . duh .

1 germany mandates all drivers to come to the rescue of an accident victim unless there is already an ambulance present . " if there is an accident , a driver	it is illegal in america to witness an accident and not stop

1 walt disney world is the largest consumer of fire works in the united states.the park also launches the fireworks with compressed air instead of gunpowder to reduce fumes and gain	i can see the disneyland fireworks each night , shit gets real old real quick
2 pretty much every firework gets old quick , even if you see them once every year . not much you can add to spruce up one .	bigger explosives .
3 was it last year that a new years fireworks display stuffed up and released them all in about 10 seconds ? that was awesome .	i am so happy i ended up not going , because it took people hours to get out of there after it happened .

1 after reading the script to schindler's list , composer john williams said to spielberg " you need a better composer " to which spielberg replied " i know , but	my vote would have gone to [ bernard herrman ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bernard_Herrmann ) .

1 the homeopathic flu remedy oscillococcinum is so diluted that there would need to be 10 to the power of 320 more universes to simply have one molecule of the active	am i the only one who wants to know what a duck liver molecule looks like ?
2 it looks like a really tiny liver .	i don't think that's how science works .

1 the artificial sweetener sucralose ( splenda ) was discovered when a researcher misheard a command to " test this chemical " as " taste this chemical " .	i heard it as he didn't wash his hands and was on them later when he ate dinner

1 the star wars character anakin skywalker / darth vader meets six of the nine diagnostic criteria for borderline personality disorder ( bpd ) , one more than necessary for a	switched between the dark side and light side of the force ? classic splitting .

1 the 1964 hollywood war spectacular ' the battle of the bulge ' was so historically inaccurate , that president dwight d eisenhower came out of retirement and held a press	" came out of retirement " lol like he decided to un-retire from being president ? " move over new guy , i'm taking back the gig . no ,

1 : that charles r drew , the first african american to graduate columbia medical school and a key scientist in the creation of the blood bank , lost his job	i remember the all in the family episode regarding this issue .

1 50 to 90 percent of the languages that are spoken today are expected to become extinct by the year 2100 .	english as it is understood today would probably belong on that list .
2 people 100 years from now would probably still understand us , just our language would sound a bit archaic or formal compared to how they speak , similar to how	i agree with this but it makes me think . what could happen to english to make it more " slangy " if you will .

1 bill cosby and bryan cranston are the only two people to win three consecutive emmys .	john larroquette won 4 in a row and then asked not to be nominated again . [ link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Larroquette )

1 when weird al asked kurt cobain if he could make a parody of " smells like teen spirit " , cobain asked if it was about food .	later , cobain would be asked in an interview " when did you know that nirvana had made it ? " cobain said that it was when weird al asked
2 thought it was dave grohl that said that .	madonna once said that you knew you made it when weird al parodied you .. so this quote ( or variation there of ) could be attributed to various artists
3 so when did weird al know he had made it ?	he will have " made it " when he parodies himself . it will be the first known case of parodiception .

1 the guy who snagged windows2000.com happened to be named bob and microsoft just happened to own bob.com . they came to an agreement to trade one for the other .	omg microsoft bob so many memories

1 people in norway have used syrian 10 - pound coins in place of norwegian 20 - krone coins in vending machines because they are similar in size but are worth	i used to be a toll collector in the ' 80 ' s and people used to use these small trinidad and tobago coins that were the same size as

1 a large brawl in the us house of reps shortly before the civil war ended only when a stray punch knocked the wig off of rep . william barksdale .	when you knock someone's wig off , it has definitely gone too far .

1 in 1927 several million people in the united states sent over 100,000 petitions urging congress to adopt the metric system .	congress didn't listen to anybody back in 1927 either .
2 / r / metric was a part of a group that submitted an online petition to the white house . they had 49k signatures . [ this is the official	what a lame response . he basically told them to use whatever the fuck system the want . maybe they should specify that what they want is the standardization of

1 : while shooting the lord of the rings , viggo mortensen ( aragorn ) often spent days hiking to the film's remote locations , in costume and carrying his sword	the actor who played boromir was afraid of helicopters so he hiked up the mountain each morning to the shooting location . edit : hey look we made it to
2 sean bean is afraid of helicopters ! ? do you have a source ?	on the directors cut of ' two towers ' a couple of the actors talk about it

1 hollywood " tough guy " actor humphrey bogart was a male victim of domestic violence . his third wife ( mayo methot ) once stabbed him in the shoulder &	didn't amount to a hill of beans ...

1 you only need 27 % of the us population to vote for you to become president .	way less - - you think voter turnout is 100 % ? ? ?

1 in dc bestiality is listed under sodomy , so it went from illegal to legal when sodomy laws were repealed	finally i can put that bay window in .

1 the front license plate isn't required in 20 us states	the reason why you are " required " to have front plates in those states are for " red light cameras " try and run a yellow light in ca

1 an underground mine fire , that was ignited in 1962 , still burns today and has transformed centralia , pa into a modern day ghost town .	went there last summer , it was really fucking cool . one dude still lives there , and he isn't really all there up stairs .

1 despite its reputation , the black widow spider's bite very rarely kills humans and has accounted for 0 deaths despite nearly 2,000 bites annually .	it's all marketing .

1 the ceo of susan g . komen for the cure makes nearly $ 700k a year , about 25 % more than other non-profits of comparible size , while only	i always wanted to do a brown ribbon to raise awareness for colon cancer because it is more deadly than breast cancer .
2 how do we define deadly ? number of survivors vs deaths ? as far as biggest killers of women go it's heart disease at 24 % vs breast cancer at	number of deaths per year . national cancer institute lists : 1 . lung 2 . colon 3 . breast

1 christianity spread to china in 635ad , almost a century before the religion reached denmark .	for those interested , the first missionaries to denmark arrived in the [8 th century ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christianization_of_Scandinavia ) .

1 in 2008 drew brees led to league in passing touchdowns and yards while phillip rivers had the bets qbr but peyton manning won mvp	it's the most * * valuable * * player award , not best player in football award . tough to give the mvp award to two players whose teams aren't
2 it's the most valuable * * player * * award , not best team in football award . easy to give the mvp award to two players whose teams needed	like i said , i don't necessarily agree with it . people always assign value to total wins , regardless of how many wins the team would have without the

1 : ross perot hired a former us special forces colonel to bust two of his employees out of iranian jail shortly before the 1979 iranian revolution	ross perot was kinda awesome , and probably our last chance to break the two-party duopoly .

1 nicholas cage claims to have invented his own acting style , and plans to write a book on it ...	there was a brief period in the late 90s where he had the majority of america fooled into thinking he could act . sadly it's been downhill since then .

1 there is a mysterious dwarf planet between mars and jupiter called ' ceres ' which has never been visited by spacecraft or photographed in detail , however , earth-bound telescopes	contains 1/3 of the mass of the asteroid belt . that's cool

1 roger ebert had some reservations about chewbacca's depiction in the empire strikes back , asking " how can you be a space pilot and not be able to communicate in	" she ... she left me , chewie . " " aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrgh " " what ? * my * fault ? i don't think you understand how hard this is
2 what chewie said was really heartwarming :)	i am groot ... ummm ... i mean ... hhhrrrrrrrrrrraaaaaaaaaaaaaeeeerrrrrrr
3 we are chewbacca	^ #jesuischewie

1 wwii japan killed 4 million more people than the nazis , practiced mengele-like human experimentation , cannibalized and tortured pows , and forced women into military sex slavery .	i pointed out that the japanese soldier who went into the philippine jungles after the war , refused to surrender and murdered villagers was greeted as hero on his return
2 i don't mean to sound like a neo-nazi here , but jewish people have much more influence in western culture than philippine natives .	hey , i'm a filipino here . so what if they had less influence in western culture ?
3 jewish people are much more prevalent in western culture , so their plight's received more attention than your people's .	i would say that europe in general is a little more prevalent in western culture , even if it wasn't the jews being singled out ( because there were many

1 in the borat dvd release , choosing the hebrew language option results in a warning screen reading " you have been trapped , jew ! " which warns the viewer	here is a video of the warning screen . [ link ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0GV6BQ90tDM )
2 hm . it was funnier in the title for some reason .	for me , it's because in the the reddit title , i heard it in the " borat " voice .

1 c - 4 plastic explosive is so chemically stable it can be shot , microwaved , or even * set on fire * without exploding . soldiers in vietnam would	[ hmx ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HMX ) is an explosive that could > could easily pass for regular flour , thereby passing checkpoints without detection . it could even be cooked
2 [ pancake mines ? ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvqjJzuaNSE )	get get get get ... get down on the ground ! ! !

1 ronald mcnair , one of the astronauts killed in the 1986 challenger explosion , brought his saxophone with him on that mission with the intent to record the first original	mcnair is an awesome guy , heard the story about him trying to check books out of a ( segregated ) library as a 9 year old kid and it
2 apparently the sky is the limit .	downvote for making me sad D:

1 there is a completely unique english dialect spoken only on tangier island , virginia . it is said to be almost the same as when the island was settled in	yo , don't give virginia all the credit ! north carolina has the same setup .

1 seth macfarlane was supposed to be on one the planes hijacked on sept . 11th . he missed the flight by 10 minutes due to a hangover ..	once again substance abuse saves lives .

1 andrew carnegie proposed a 50 % estate tax on millionaires .	sounds like a man who had a late epiphany of how much of a douche he was and tried to make up for it . unlike jobs who just didn't

1 after reading the script to schindler's list , composer john williams said to spielberg " you need a better composer " to which spielberg replied " i know , but	john williams better get to work on star wars episodes vii-ix . it just won't be the same without his music .
2 it's not going to be the same without the 20th century fox fanfare , either ...	disney did an okay job with the intro to pirates of the caribbean . they'll do something cool . i don't think they mean to fuck around . edit .
3 hans zimmer is great ( he scored pirates of the caribbean ) but he's no williams . if they can't get williams then i think the next best would be	alan silvestri does a good job of composing as well .

1 when the current king of thailand was born in cambridge , massachusetts , the hospital room in which he was born was declared thai territory for the duration of the	i can't believe they'd put soil all over a sterile hospital room .

1 the coffee drink " americano or caffé americano " was created in world war ii when american g . i . s in italy would dilute espresso with hot water	dear coffee snobs in this thread : get a life
2 no , dude . working on becoming a career barista . coffee is my life .	sorry

1 the pilot episode of lost was so expensive ( ~ $ 14million ) that the network president was fired for greenlighting it .	he knew he was being fired so he greenlit as many shows as he could
2 possible , but he also oversaw development of the same so even if he was just greenlighting things to get the network pregnant , he was greenlighting * good *	get the network pregnant ? wut

1 bruce lee could snatch a dime off a person's open palm before they could close it , and leave a penny behind	bruce lee was just short of being able to throw ryu style fireballs from his hands and i'll hear nothing otherwise .

1 there is a finished , yet unproduced , script out there for an episode of the simpsons which was written as a sequel to ' stark raving dad ' aka	" lisa it's your birthday " should have won a grammy .

1 in the men in black comics they killed witnesses rather than erase their memory	lightly witnessed means lightly reported . smart .

1 stephen fry claims that douglas adams told him why he chose the number 42 , and that he will take the secret to his grave	[ we have ways to make you talk , fry ... ] ( http://imgur.com/6Psit )
2 maybe in this case i support water-boarding . as long a's hanity gets water-boarded a's well .	i'd waterboard sean hannity to get him to * * stop * * talking

1 desi arnaz , when producing i love lucy , helped to create the multiple-camera setup production style using adjacent sets that have become the standard for all subsequent situation comedies	offtopic but ... my first word was lucy . my mother use to prop me up on a big floor pillow and i'd sit there watching the reruns of the

1 a young charlie wilson's dog was killed by a next door neighbor who was running for city council by mixing crushed glass into the dog's food . charlie wilson retaliated	watch charlie wilson's war , fantastic film

1 german was the second largest spoken language in the u . s . before it was forcibly oppressed during the first world war . americans with german ancestry , are	many of the more recent immigrants ( e . g . germans , italians , irish etc . ) will still report their ethnicity on the us census . however
2 okay , that makes sense . the way the census is working when it comes to ethnicity could be misleading , i guess .	there is also a bias towards celtic and other ancestries over english ones in the us . the whole 1/32 irish thing basically . so if someone is born to
3 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tDTQQWSmo8s	there is an irish pub downtown , its the only place i like to go to .. that place and buffalo wild wings , because my credit card gives me

1 mountain dew was created to be used as a mixer for whiskey and the name was slang for moonshine !	mt . dew code red + redrum = delicious

1 arnold schwarzenegger did not accept his california governor's salary of $ 175,000 per year because of his already substantial wealth from his acting career .	not only is this guy reposting , he is using the same exact url and submission title as the last time ... http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/xoxbf/til_that_arnold_schwarzenegger_did_not_accept_his/
2 hmm ... well it now appears evident that op is less than or , in fact , equal to fag .	lul op is gay - enlightened progressive bastion redditdotcom

1 consuming asparagus affects the smell of urine , but only 22 % of the population have the gene to smell it	it's actually the other way around . all peolpe can smell it , but only 22 % of earth population have the gene that makes your urine stink after eating

1 martin sheen has been arrested 66 times for protesting and acts of civil disobedience	martin sheen has been arrested almost as many times as charlie

1 mary surratt , convicted of conspiracy in abraham lincoln ’ s assassination , said the bindings on her arms hurt prior to her execution to which the officer said ,	my dad's grandfather and great-uncle were in the civil war and were actually at the hanging of the lincoln conspirators ( we have a civil war diary my dad's grandfather
2 pics would be appreciated ! nice share .	i don't have the items , so i can't post pics . my sister has them , and unfortunately , i don't speak with her .

1 canada abruptly cancelled the development of its own fighter jet ( avro arrow ) in the 1950s in favour of nuclear missiles ( bomarcs ) . all the engineers left	it was obsolete before it's first flight . the arrow had one purpose , intercept russian bombers as they flew in over the arctic . no point spending a stupid
2 you do realize that it could've launched a whole new canadian export industry .	who would buy it ? the us and uk wanted to protect their domestic aviation industries . so did the french , the swedes , etc . sell it to

1 , had jfk not been assassinated , we would have landed on the moon in the same spacecraft as the russians .	can you imagine the fight to get out of it first ?

1 : that in 1955 , quaker oats company gave away legal deeds to tiny parcels of land in alaska in boxes of cereals	does anyone on reddit have or know someone who still owns one of these plots of land ?
2 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sergeant_Preston_of_the_Yukon#Television_series:_Sergeant_Preston_of_the_Yukon > in 1955 , the quaker oats company gave away land in the klondike as part of the klondike big inch land promotion which was tied in with the	well , those would be $ 300,000 properties here on long island

1 jews fought side-by-side with muslim soldiers to defend jerusalem against the crusaders .	well the crusaders were horrible people . they even killed christians in jerusalem

1 krusty the clown was supposed to be revealed to be homer simpsons secret identity but the idea was dropped being too complex	i'm now just realizing homer and krusty have the same physical attributes .
2 there was an episode about it . homer goes to clown college , becomes a substitute krusty , krusty gets in trouble with the mob and fat tony can't tell	" i'm seein ' double ... four krustys ! "
3 i used to think that it would be nothing but glory . you know , the glory of being a clown ...	" kill ... wealthy ... dowager . "

1 john lennon failed all his exams to get into the liverpool college of art and was only allowed in when his aunt intervened . he ended up being thrown out	it's important to remember that his success doesn't make any of this behavior excusable . sounds like a real asshole .
2 he was also a wife beating hypocrite , depending on who you ask .	i would beat the woman who broke up the beatles if i could get my hands on her too . ^ ( it's a joke )

1 in bram stokers original novel , dracula is not killed by sunlight . he just becomes weaker .	someone watches mental floss on youtube ...

1 a soldier in world war 1 performed a battlefield-esque maneuver when he fell out of and landed back in his plane whilst attempting a loop	technically , i believe battlefield performed a world war i-esque maneuver .

1 people of the mongol empire never washed their clothes or themselves because they believed washing would pollute the water and anger the dragons that controlled the water cycle .	dragons were strangely silent on the whole " rape and murder and rape and pillage and rape " thing , though .

1 when the arctic monkeys started their band , none of them could play instruments	so many great bands started out that way . most of them punk or punk influenced haha . but plenty more who weren't
2 off the top of the head sex pistols the ramones the damned talking heads	wow really ? talking heads ? ? do you have a source for that , friend ? i'd love to read up on that .
3 i'm pretty sure it was only tina weymouth ( bass player ) who hadn't played an instrument prior to joining the band .	this is true . she was convinced to join the band and play bass . she was dating ( and still married to ) chris frantz , the drummer

1 popcorn used to be used as breakfast cereal	corn pops .

1 anne frank detailed her sexual exploration in her original diary but it was later edited out by her father .	my middle school accidentally bought copies of the unaltered version . on our reading homework sheet one night it said " do not read pages x though y " so
2 " do not read pages x though y " that is the dumbest strategy to not get kids to read something ...	it was deliberate . the school was using reverse psychology in order to combine english and phys ed and save money .
3 you mean sex ed ? unless you're implying these kids were getting a workout reading anne franks diary	unless kids are getting off to it ... but i really hope that's not what he was implying

1 before 1912 , the komodo dragon was once thought to be a mythical creature	the panda , giraffe , gorilla and giant squid were all believed to be mythical [ as well . ] ( http://listverse.com/2010/04/16/10-beasts-that-used-to-be-mythical/ )
2 and iirc , when europeans fifrst encountered chimpanzees , they described them something alonng the lines of a devil with a goat's hindquarters . i really find out more asbout	hm , i wonder if that's where the representation of satan as having the hindquarters of a goat comes from ? edit : got it , what i'm thinking of
3 i doubt it . that's more similar to pan , the greek god .	people forget that in the christian mythos lucifer is the second most beautiful being in existence .

1 paul george's parents are paul and paulette george	good ol paul george jr
2 paul george jr sr in the future .	señor sr jr and señor sr sr

1 domestic cats are considered apex predators	cats are most certainly apex predators in urban and suburban environments . sadly , where i live they are preyed upon by all sorts of larger predators .
2 sad for you maybe , but the ecosystem thanks those other predators . cats are not a natural part of the ecosystem and kill for fun , devastating bird and	[ one cat , one night . ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8OlHKwK.jpg )

1 king harald of norway vowed to remain unmarried for life unless he could marry his true love , the daughter of a cloth merchant . she became the queen of	it is really surprising how people really seem to think that the royalty are somehow special , so much that they could only marry from royalty or from the nobility

1 wrestler diamond dallas page sued jay z and 3oh ! 3 for copyright infringement over his " diamond cutter " hand gesture .	he should have modified it like ddp did with smells like teen spirit .

1 [ x-post from til ] til while shooting the lord of the rings , viggo mortensen ( aragorn ) often spent days hiking to the film's remote locations , in	/ r / peterjackson

1 - the name of yoda's race & home world are never mentioned in any film , book , or media . he is officially said to be of a "	missed opportunity , this is . formatted differently , the title of this post should have been : " never mentioned in any film , book , or media ,
2 " lit "	learned today , i have .
3 i would subscribe to / r / ltih .	it's been 3 hours and it's not a thing yet :(

1 actor steve buscemi was a new york city fire fighter from 1980 to 1984 . he showed up at his old firehouse the day after 9/11 in new york to	what a fuckin ' professional .

1 christopher nolan's interstellar is the only film in the top 10 worldwide box office of 2014 to be wholly original--not a reboot , remake , sequel , or part of	my favourite movie of the year .
2 for me its either interstellar or guardians of the galaxy	i wish i could like gotg as much as the next person , but i can't . marvel movies are really just comedies with superheroes instead of superhero movies with
3 gotg was one big cliché , some of the acting was kinda meh , and it had some " why didn't that guy think of doing this to end everything	it was certainly different , but hot worth all the hype .

1 china has a law that requires every citizen over the age of 11 to plant at least one tree per year . as a result , china currently has the	i've been breaking the law for the past 10 years , and my parents for even longer .

1 jason schwartzman is a member of the coppola family . his mother is talia shire , aka adrian from rocky , his uncle is francis ford coppola , and his	i didn't know nicolas cage was connected to the coppola family . honestly , that is more surprising to me given his relative success and significant presence online - i
2 he changed his name to avoid being hired for his family ties and more for his talent . looks like his plan worked !	that makes no sense as everyone in the industry would know he's related .

1 - the name of yoda's race & home world are never mentioned in any film , book , or media . he is officially said to be of a "	what i thought was weird , is that you see another alien of his species in the first * knights of the old republic * video game , and he
2 there's a female member of the species in phantom menace who talks just like yoda . i think it's just an accent ; the guy in kotor probably grew up	her name is yaddle
3 lucas never had a knack for names , most of his sound retarded .	that or they're blatant rip offs of actual words and he thinks hes being clever with his naming . i hated how christopher lees character is named " count dooku

1 christopher lee reads the lord of the rings trilogy at least once per year .	other fun christopher lee facts : * he is a distant relative of robert e lee * he met the assassins of rasputin as a child * he was asked
2 tolkien also said that lee should play gandalf in the movie ( whenever they made it ) , but i guess he made a better saruman .	he was cast as saruman because they felt he was too old to be gandalf . due to the strenuous nature of the role .

1 more men are raped than women in the united states , due to prison rape .	what ? where in the linked article does it say that ? ? ? it says more men are raped than women * in prison * . misleading headline much
2 does it matter whether they're in prison or not ?	only for comparing apples to apples . ie in prison =/ = in the united states , as the headline implies .

1 financial losses by the wnba are subsidized by the nba	each team's salary cap is 900k . kobe bryant earns this amount in 3 nba games .

1 the death cap mushroom not only looks like safe , edible mushrooms , it also tastes perfectly nice , and it gives no symptoms of poisoning until after its already	damn , that is scary ! > life-threatening complications include increased intracranial pressure , intracranial hemorrhage , pancreatitis , acute renal failure , and cardiac arrest . death generally occurs
2 i also like > first symptoms resolve two to three days after the ingestion . a more serious deterioration signifying liver involvement may then occur . i can just imagine	on the other hand , these days the mortality rate is only about 15 % , which really doesn't seem that bad for the most poisonous mushroom on the entire

1 jon stewart proposed to his wife through a personalized crossword puzzle created with the help of the crossword editor at the new york times .	3 down , " with my body i thee worship . " jesus , it's good i didn't propose like this , it would have taken weeks to get the

1 america's main beers ( budweiser , coors , etc ) are light and relatively flavorless due to wwii making them rely on cheaper ingredients	but , remember the us is also known for awesome craft beers . about 50 or so big breweries and about 2,500 craft breweries . there is great beer out
2 oh i'm a snob when it comes to the beer i drink , don't worry . rogue ftw .	i am a huge snob & homebrewer . there is no excuse for drinking crap beer when you can make your own .
3 there's also no reason to be a prick . people like you make homebrewers look like losers more interested in putting people down than enjoying their hobby .	you . i like you .

1 lsd is not retained in spinal fluid , and that it was none other than l . ron hubbard who started the myth .	i wonder if anyone even cared enough to conduct a peer-reviewed study to try to validate his results .

1 when baseball player chuck finley was told of his ex-wife's allegations against him of heavy steroid , alcohol , and marijuana use , he responded with " i can't believe	he was born where i live . neat .

1 " killing in the name " by rage against the machine was a # 1 hit in the uk ... in december 2009	i remember buying that single 10x , excellent country-wide dismissal of bullshit saturated pop music . glad i was around to see it happen , even if it was only

1 around 20 % of poland's population died in ww2 . the highest percentage of any nation .	more than 30 % of the population died during the battle of okinawa .

1 the guy who discovered pluto is on his way there as you read this .	troll astronomers . wait until the guy that discovered pluto as a planet dies . declares pluto " not a planet " .

1 the church of satan does not worship the devil .	#11 " when walking in open territory , bother no one . if someone bothers you , ask them to stop . if they don ’ t stop , *

1 german was the second largest spoken language in the u . s . before it was forcibly oppressed during the first world war . americans with german ancestry , are	german-americans make one of the most impressive immigrant groups ever .

1 an eagle scout who joins the us army is automatically promoted to private first class .	also true for being given airman in the air force . totally worth the extra $ 30 per month .
2 airman first class .	you stand corrected . http://usmilitary.about.com/od/airforcejoin/l/bladvrank.htm

1 x-rays are named such because röntgen didn't have a name for them , and temporarily used the mathematical designation " x " for something unknown .	x-rays are called レントゲン ( rentogen ) in japan . i found this out the hard way after breaking my leg and the nurses kept saying it over and over
2 my girlfriend broke her foot in japan , and they kept telling us she'd be getting a ギプス ( gipusu ) . we were baffled , and so was our	it's called gips in sweden as well .

1 the creator of cowboy bebop was told to make a show to sell spaceship toys , with the instructions , " so long as there's a spaceship in it ,	that's a picture of yoko kanno , the amazing composer of the jazzy opening theme , tank . she's the composer of some of my favorite instrumental scores from a
2 she's the composer of the whole anime , iirc . she also did ghost in the shell ( sac ) and macross . she is a legend . she formed	<3 yoko . other famous anime series / movies she has worked on are porco rosso , jin-roh , space dandy and wolf's rain . she also composes for various

1 : even with the bare minimum of driver training on its use , the british roundabout has been proven to be at least 20 % more efficient at moving traffic	i love me a well working roundabout . feels so smooth and right

1 the green bay packers are named after the indian packing company , who paid for their first uniforms on the condition the team be named after them .	say what you will , but the greenbay packers are everything that is right with the nfl : small town in the middle of bfe owns a frequently competitive football
2 lifelong wi resident who isn't a football fan and never watches games never complains about packers hoopla for this very reason . every other fan rooting for any other team	tony romos family is from and lives in my tiny town ... but i live in wisconsin . so hard to choose who to root for .

1 traditional samoans valued a bride's virginity so much , the chief would break her hymen in public so the entire tribe could see his bloody fingers .	horseback riding must not have gone over well .

1 rickman has been with his first girlfriend since 1965 - when he was 19 years old	> in 1965 , at the age of 19 , rickman met 18 - year-old rima horton , who became his first girlfriend and would later be a labour party
2 he dated her for 12 years before moving in with her ?	it was a different time .
3 back then people got married fast . it's only now that people ordinarily date a long-ass time before " getting serious . " i'm a strange exception ... two years	* weekiversary ftfy the ann ( i ) part means year .

1 over 90 % of pregnancies in the united kingdom and europe with a diagnosis of down syndrome are terminated .	that's because the test is invasive and only those who would terminate the pregnancy take it

1 brad pitt was banned from ever entering china because of his role in seven years in tibet .	not the best movie he's done but it was a pretty great story .

1 andre the giant once drank 127 beers in a hotel bar , passed out in the lobby , and , because he was so large , no one could move	andre the giant was the [ greatest drinker of all time ] ( http://www.moderndrunkardmagazine.com/issues/10_06/10_06_andre_giant.html ) . tr ;D r : among other legends , used to throw empties off hulk
2 one of my favorite " shoot " interviews with hogan was when he explained that he was nervous that andre would choose to not take the planned loss at wrestlemania	interesting ... any links to a video of that ?

1 duke nukem 3d opensourced and kicking !	dammit i hope dnf will get as much mods / community stuff as dn3d back then ...

1 , that kari byron's first job on mythbusters was to create a cast mold of her buttocks .	there is a town called los gatos

1 sigmund freud suggested in 1897 that addictions , including that to tobacco , were substitutes for masturbation , " the one great habit "	classic freud ...

1 in 1989 , cia original operative , wrote that in the future , world war 3 would occur when " soviet russia " dupes the united states and israel into	someone correct me if i'm wrong , but i feel like this post has too many commas .

1 british police cars carry a teddy bear to console children after an accident	so do the australian fire trucks . it's a little teddy in a firefighting outfit , looks very cute .

1 actress bai ling maintains that she is from the moon . why does that make her hotter to me ...	a long time ago i learned her nipples are nearly as nuts as she is ... and i still think she is hot as hell .

1 in 1994 crayola release scented crayons but had to retire the food scented ones after a year because parents complained that they " smelled good enought to eat "	in all fairness , i can understand the parent's logic . young children are the target audience for crayola crayons and they often don't know any better .
2 i actually grew up with these markers . they actually smelled amazing , and i almost * did * try and eat them a few times , since smell usually	i've had a few soaps / shower gels that smell good enough to eat , and despite being an adult have tried them . they never taste as good as
3 i accidentally got a little burt's bees hair treatment in my mouth once . it was actually delicious .	their cuticle cream smells * exactly * like a lemon square .

1 the deepest note mankind has ever detected is a b ♭ that is 57 octaves below middle c . the sound is made by inflating plasma bubbles in the center	nudubstep .

1 gladiator had a planned sequel and a script written by nick cave . but the story was so crazy , ( maximus time traveling , being reincarnated by roman gods	i would watch the shit out of that movie .

1 , at his 1861 inauguration , abraham lincoln supported a constitutional amendment guaranteeing slavery	well , you gotta keep the economy afloat .

1 dave thomas ( wendy's ) went back to high school in 1993 to get his ged because he was worried that his success as a high school dropout might convince	the thing i liked about this whole ordeal is every time some fucker dropped out of my high school they would alway rattle of a list of people who were
2 ha , yeah , dropping out of hs is not like dropping out of college / university . you're quitting a more fundamental part of your education when you drop	tell that to my evolution education in the state of kansas . you only learn * how to memorize things * in high school ; you only actually learn if
3 absolutely true , but most employers don't give a fuck . some people can go far with very little just like some people can make a living playing poker ;	dealer hand : █ █ k ♥ ( 10 ) player hand : 5 ♠ 8 ♠ ( 13 ) - - - commands : hit , stand | [

1 in 1959 , a white author underwent skin treatments to appear african-american , hitchhiked around the pre-civil rights south to experience hatred and racism firsthand , then wrote a bestselling	i read that in high school . it is a great book and i highly recommend reading it . edit : spelling dam autocorrect
2 your mother blue me in high school . ps , yeah my jokes suck	i laughed a bit

1 since 2002 england has scored 17 goals in the world cup , miroslav klose has scored 15 .	we get it . we're shit . we know
2 almost as shit as miroslav klose .	i would think it was klose is nearly as shit as england . thats not a title you want .

1 hitler so admired the greek resistance to the invading german army in ww2 that he ordered the release of all greek pows for " their gallant bearing " .	good guy hi - - waaaiiit a minute ...
2 i thought the exact same thing when i read the title .	i thought this as well , i also thought the ending read for " their giant balls . "

1 many members of the infamous japanese research unit 731 , who conducted human experiments on thousands of people in wwii , were granted immunity by the united states and were	that's some raw ass shit , man . thanks for taking the time to do that ! i'll read up on it in more detail when i get home for

1 since 1985 the government of saudi arabia has destroyed about 95 % of the holy city of mecca in order to make way for the construction of hotels , apartments	fewer ...

1 the logo for the royal new zealand airforce is a flightless bird	which is fitting considering that new zealand no longer has any combat aircraft . they scrapped them all at the turn of the century and now only have transport and
2 yep . our proud , true , fiercely independent country is pretty much relying on the fact that you have to get past australia to reach us .	the greatest defense strategy . being too far away to bother with .

1 to treat bladder cancer , doctors inject cow tuberculosis bacteria up your urethra . the subsequent immune reaction destroys cancer cells , and the treatment has been shown to be	seriously . how does a treatment like this get discovered ?

1 thomas edison's last breath is stored in a test tube	i have seen this in person ... pretty odd as it was close to one of the chairs that was in the ford's theater the night of lincoln's assassination as

1 katt williams is a father of eight : one biological son and seven adopted children	i liked the part of the wiki that said ' citation needed ' right after op's title . surely op will deliver a source ...

1 blowjobs are illegal in malaysia and is punishable with imprisonment of 20 years maximum and whipping .	illegal in india as well . so is anal methinks . quite sure there's no whipping involved . unless you're into that ! :P
2 i think the 2009 delhi high court judgment overturns the section 377 of the ipc as it currently stands . it has definitely legalized consensual anal sex and most likely	thank you ! i stand corrected ! ( quickly updates mental notes )

1 doritos changed cooler ranch to cool ranch in the 90 ' s . i'm not crazy	i'm pretty sure it was a 3 step process . first , it was cool ranch , then cooler , then changed back to cool . i may be wrong
2 in the netherlands , they're called ' cool american ' , in a few other countries as well , i think .	i can verify this . as an american strolling through amsterdam i picked up a bag and it was the exact same taste : like eating an american flag .

1 today i learned shirley temple is still alive , and was the u . s ambassador to both ghana and czechoslovakia .	i work for a company called legend films and we own shirleytemple.com . we sell her old movies with her permission and are in regular contact . there are many

1 groping is so common in japan , signs warning of it are visible everywhere and train companies designate women-only cars where women can feel safe knowing they won't be groped	this reminds me of a time when a group of painters and myself ( who live in canada ) were doing a community painting thing with a group of japanese
2 i ... oh .	and then we went out into the woods and found this cave ... no this hole in a wall shaped like a person !
3 cannot believe i got that reference ...	explain ?

1 francis i of france almost won the imperial election of 1519 . he was up against charles v , king of spain , and henry viii of england .	i looked up charles v on wikipedia and then in game . but his empire doesn't seem to be represented well . he is in control of spain but only
2 he would be too op	history is op . could a mod do this at least ?

1 john cena has granted over 250 make-a-wish foundation wishes , the most of any person in history .	so he likes anime and is a big command & conquer fan ? he's pretty cool , for a douchebag ;)

1 j j abrams made a deal with valve to make movies of half-life and portal	you can just post news on this subreddit and get upvotes .

1 conan o'brien was stalked by a catholic priest who followed him and his family , and even threatened to kill him , because he was denied a spot in the	* * the priest in question has been prohibited from serving mass by his bishop . * *
2 so what does he do all day ?	apparently whatever he wants .

1 we messed up wikipedia so much that they removed the entire section . are you happy yet ?	call me out of the loop , but what is this about ?
2 fnaf 2 was mentioned on the " 1987 in gaming " wikipedia article , people started doing vandalism to the page , and the section on the article got removed	that's pathetic . :|

1 neil armstrong once sued his barber of 20 years after he sold his hair to a collector for $ 3,000	wouldn't the hair have been considered abandoned ? i can't imagine under what theory neil would have a chance at recovery .

1 canada abruptly cancelled the development of its own fighter jet ( avro arrow ) in the 1950s in favour of nuclear missiles ( bomarcs ) . all the engineers left	it was obsolete before it's first flight . the arrow had one purpose , intercept russian bombers as they flew in over the arctic . no point spending a stupid
2 just because the purpose is obsolete , the basis of technology was still sound and could've been expanded on . as someone else said , a better plane wasnt made	sounds like developing the arrow was expensive enough . expanding on it with no promise that the results wouldn't also become obsolete in a flash is just a money vacuum

1 research on dare ( drug abuse resistance education ) has largely shown it to be ineffective , and in some cases it has increased the use of drugs at schools	a classic from bash.org : at my school .. the cop from dare passed around 3 joints to show everyone ... and he said " if i dont get all
2 this is much more impressive than jesus ' loaves and fishes trick .	well yeah : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=81rkjnUX2cw&feature=youtube_gdata_player

1 : during a us government shutdown congress continues to be paid because their pay cannot be altered except by direct law	though most of them really don't much care , since most members of congress don't subsist on their congressional pay anyway . ~ ~ the average member is a multimillionaire
2 reminds me of the pigs in animal farm . while everyone else is starving , they're knee-deep in milk and apples .	so who's snowball ?

1 jackie chan once shot over 2900 retakes for one scene .	[ said scene ! ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UZhWgcMRdPo )
2 they did that before cg was a viable solution . wild .	knowing that what you watch is not cg makes it so much more awesome to watch . " holy shit did he just - " rather than the " wow
3 absolutely . that's why i love jackie chan movies . we don't watch them for the riveting plot , the enduring character development or musical score - we watch them	or , you know ... the olympics .

1 marvin gaye was offered the role as sam cooke in a film - but gaye turned it down because he thought it was too weird to play " a soul	why tom cruise has never played the part of a homosexual cult member

1 : tycho brahe , a 16th century astronomer wore a brass prosthetic nose after losing his real one in a duel over the legitimacy of a mathematical formula . he	does he do party planning ?

1 tim curry is a huge scooby doo fan , and accepted a role in the 2002 film , then dropped out after learning that scrappy doo , a character he	i hate scrappy as much as the next guy , but the 13 ghosts of scooby doo was fucking fantastic . and although i've never been a big fan of

1 : in 1995 , st . jude's hospital received an anonymous letter with a $ 1 million winning mcdonald's monopoly game piece . although it was against the rules to	in college i worked at mcdonalds . before they attached the monopoly tickets to drink and food containers they were these paper envelopes with tear off sides . i would
2 aren't the game makers excluded from being able to win the prizes ?	yes , but it doesn't prevent friends and family from " winning " .

1 christoph waltz is his own voice actor in the german and french dubs of inglourious basterds and django unchained	i'm so glad he has made it big . he is one of my favorite actors .

1 up until 1978 , the mormon church taught that blacks were once an evil race of jews who were colored by god for their wickedness .	someone else has kind of picked up on this , but historically speaking , many christians have held this view at one point or another in america . during the
2 shhhhhhhhhhhh , don't interrupt their mormon-hate circlejerk with your * logic *	logic , or convenient brushing of facts under the rug ?

1 saving private ryan depicted combat so realistically that veterans left theaters during the opening scene , stating that it was the the most realistic depiction of combat they had ever	i don't remember anyone getting up and leaving during the opening scene , but i remember the audience being absolutely silent after the film ended . everyone just got up
2 whereas i had the misfortune of sitting next to a woman who thought it entirely appropriate to bring a bag full of snacks and gorge herself on them for the	why do you feel the need to dehumanize someone who * eats snacks in a movie theater ? *

1 annie oakley once shot a cigarette out of kaiser wilhelm ii's mouth , had she missed and hit him , she could have prevented wwi	or the serbs still would have caused the whole chain reaction that brought all of the convoluted european treaties into play .

1 in the us army , there is a rank higher than the 5 star general of the army , called general of the armies , and that only 2 people	john pershing ? the same guy who failed misserably to catch pancho villa with an entire army that invaded mexico ... ?
2 yes , he was elevated due to his distinguished service in wwi .	and he got a tank named after him . a big one .

1 david yost , who played billy the blue power ranger , quit the show after frequent harassment from the crew for being gay	random fact im a ten minute drive from his birth city hehe

1 tom waits always refused to give rights for his songs in ads and sucessfully sued many companies who hired impersonators to sing similar songs in order to bypass his consent	it's also worth noting that he gives the money he wins in the suits to charities .
2 i thought i remembered hearing one of his songs in a commercial ; turns out [ it was for a charity . ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_OttTECq6j0 )	that was the one i remembered . i read this and thought " but what abou-oh . "

1 morgan freeman is against black history month	because it implies that the black people of history somehow need to be given special attention , and not just included in the rest of human history .

1 clint eastwood bought david webb peoples ' script for the unforgiven in 1976 and sat on it for 15 years until he was old enough to play the lead role	it must have been pretty crumpled and smelly after having his ass on it for 15 years .
2 [ you have no idea ] ( http://gifrific.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/disgusted-clint-eastwood.gif )	brilliant !

1 after receiving complaints about the size of their sandwiches , subway responded " ' subway footlong ' is a registered trademark as a descriptive name for the sub sold ...	this only begs for the questions : what about the 6 inch sub ?

1 " midnight " , one of ten's best and scariest episodes , nearly didn't happen at all	aw man that supposed christmas episode with j . k . rowling and the tenth doctor would have been amazing :(
2 that would have been interesting , but i'm curious if it would have actually been jk rowling , an actress , or just behind the shoulders shots like the queen	rtd wanted the actual jk but tennant vetoed the idea while it was still in the early idea stage , the episode was never written and i don't think it

1 brazzers , reality kings , youporn , pornhub and spankwire are all owned by the same company .	it's a conspiracy ! good thing i have my tinfoil condom !

1 englishman karl bushby started an expedition in 1998 to walk around the world from chile to his hometown in hull , england . he is currently in eastern russia .	this is fantastic . there's a chinese dude been doing this for years too , without money . last i heard ( a few years ago ) he was somewhere
2 without money ? & #3232 ;\ _ & #3232 ; who is he ?	i wish i could remember .

1 china has a law that requires every citizen over the age of 11 to plant at least one tree per year . as a result , china currently has the	it's been said before , but school child over 11 , not citizen ... so this really shouldn't be front page , it's misleading .

1 the extra preliminary round f . a . match between 9th level english tier clubs liversedge and west auckland town had a whopping attendance of 6 .	i'm not entirely surprised , west auckland is a tiny place , smaller than my hometown which only managed 140 fans turning up and we lost 3-2 . saying that

1 it's possible to fool norwegian vending machines by using a 10 syp coin which is 18 times less the value of ' the identical ' 20 nok coin	as a norwegian , this is relevant to my interrests .. >:)
2 as a norwegian , i haven't seen a vending machine in ages . there was one where i went to high school that sold really good sandwiches , though .	there are still coke machines all over norway .

1 in 1874 , a hunter killed an attacking apache warrior from 1,538 yards away using a rifle without a scope .	attacking ? the guy was a long ways away ...
2 the apache was clearly armed with cruise missiles	a tomahawk missile ?

1 6 - year-old ryan gosling , inspired by the movie " first blood , " once took steak knives to school and threw them at other children during recess	i was so hyped up when i saw * first blood * i went straight out and got my best ever score on asteroids .

1 before realizing his true potential in comedy , will ferrell worked as a teller at wells fargo ; apparently he lost close to $ 600 in his first two days	losing 600 in two days is bad , but not the worst . even the best tellers lose significant amounts of money ( $ 250 + ) occasionally in one
2 so far i'm at 7 months and haven't lost even a penny , my counts have always been precise . losing $ 600 in 2 days is pretty bad ,	my boss gave a guy a clip of 100 ' s thinking it was 1k instead of 2 on his first day . luckily the guy brought it back .

1 hi r / canada . perplexed kiwi here . just doing a bit of research and came across this guy . are his idiosyncrasies well known to you guys ?	king was an odd one for sure . i suppose he's on the fifty because he laid the grounds for canadian autonomy from the british empire , and also voiced
2 also the longest serving prime minister and wartime leader . its sensible to have him on at least the 50 .	though he was also , at least partially , responsible for one of the [ darkest pieces of canadian history ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Japanese_Canadian_internment ) .

1 many passengers on a boeing 767 crash landing in the ocean died because they inflated their life jackets too early while still inside the cabin	here's the video of the crash . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SqKdVo_IcGs

1 pocahontas was later known as rebecca rolfe and her descendants include the wealthy first families of virginia and nancy reagan	i'm a direct descendant of hers ! no one ever believes me when i say it though .
2 i believe you ! also , we're related in some way ! ! !	if your from european descent , you most likely are related to charlamagne , along with 90 % of every other european .

1 matt stone & trey parker had people warn them that there would be mormon protests surrounding their musical " the book of mormon " , but the church has had	good guy mormons , they will not set off c4 rigged vests surrounded by ball bearings because of comedy aimed at their religious and cultural beliefs .

1 mohammad mosaddegh was the democratically elected prime minister of iran who was overthrown by the us cia in 1953 for having the audacity to nationalize the iranian oil industry to	and since then everything's been just fine .
2 full text of * * " countercoup : the struggle for the control of iran " * * by kermit roosevelt http://mohsen.banan.1.byname.net/content/republished/doc.limited/politics/iran/roosevelt/countercoup/countercoup.pdf	ah , kermit . luckily the name was redeemed by a frog a few years later .

1 comedian andy kauffman would threaten to read passages from the great gatsby if hecklers got too rowdy . in addition to often following through , he would then ask if	i just watched man on the moon last night for the first time . this is weird .

1 although pancreatic cancer is usually deadly , steve jobs had the one variety that's curable . but for nine months , he refused treatment and instead tried a vegan diet	steve jobs was a new age dumbass .
2 wait , eating kale cookies won't cure my cancer ? shit .	nah bro you need quinoa pancakes for that . duh .
3 what's a quinoa ?	something football fans eat to make their team win .

1 benjamin franklin published a paper where he discovered that america's population growth was so fast , it would surpass britain in 100 years . this alarmed british leadership and was	i always wondered how the u . s . had such a massive population boom compared to other countries . i mean to go from a new country to the
2 > kill [ 50 million natives ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Population_history_of_indigenous_peoples_of_the_Americas ) > acquire their land > have children	lots of immigrants too .

1 tickling was a form of torture used in ancient china on nobility because it left no mark and recovery was quick .	how do you say " is there any gold hidden in the village ? " in chinese ?

1 scrubs is based of a real life jds ' ( named dr . jonathan doris ) experiences as a resident . his name and those of the other medical advisors	also in the last episode of scrubs , as jd is leaving a doctor says " adios " and that doctor is the real jd
2 [ here ] ( http://youtu.be/uzpOj0KVnD8?t=29m42s )	god this show is amazing
3 remember season 9 ?	not the worst . but not the same as the good seasons .

1 there were 6 assassins sent to kill archduke franz ferdinand and 1 of them threw a bomb that exploded under the wrong car . his assassination failed , he took	a bacterial infection got him not long after : > as he was still a minor , he was not executed , but was sentenced to twenty years in prison
2 1916 is an odd year to die on a prison . any other year it would have sucked to die in a prison , but in 1916 , the alternative	they locked him up for 3 years in a cell without lights or windows , he went crazy from the dark . i would rather die in a trench .

1 during the filming of taxi driver , de niro asked cybill shepherd out on a date . she turned him down , and he did not speak to her ,	robert deniro is a passive aggressive ~ ~ bitch ~ ~ individual . girl turns down your advance so you give her the silent treatment ? wth ? how about
2 you're overlooking the fact that shepard was known to be a haughty bitch . someone who would lord your failure over you intentionally . best response might well be to	de niro don't play dat friendzone shit .

1 one theory on why we are ticklish is that it serves as a mechanism for developing combat skills . most often practiced from parent to child , tickling activates vulnerable	if i so much as touch my girlfriends armpits or poke her sides , i get slapped . doesn't matter where i am standing , behind her to the right
2 how can she slap ?	with her hand ? edit : i didn't understood that reference .
3 [ enjoy . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V4akMaeZ0-k )	well shit

1 dr . phil's current wife is his second marriage . his first wife , an ex-cheerleader and homecoming queen , claimed dr . phil was domineering and confined her to	any links to the exercises ? you know , my wife was interested ..

1 billie piper ( the actress who played rose tyler in doctor who ) divorced from her wealthy husband , she opted not to claim any money from him , stating	good on you , billie piper . alimony is for people who need it , not people who want to ruin their spouse .
2 alimony is bullshit . child support is valid .	captain , our scanners are picking up signs of r / mensrights in this sector . readings are off the charts !

1 " to learn who rules over you , simply find out who you are not allowed to criticize . " is not a quote from voltaire . it comes from	my wife ?

1 dave thomas ( wendy's ) went back to high school in 1993 to get his ged because he was worried that his success as a high school dropout might convince	and the very first wendy's was near my house . i say “ was " because it's now a subway .

1 in the 1830 ' s , mexico had a problem with americans illegally immigrating to mexican texas .	whenever i mention this to my students , they find it hilarious .

1 the average 70 - year-old inuit with a traditional diet of whale and seal has arteries as elastic as those of a 20 - year-old danish resident .	my arteries are as elastic and chewy as a fruit roll up .

1 , when a pope dies , it is tradition to strike him three times on the head with a silver hammer to ensure he is actually dead .	it says tap him on the head , but clever way to get peoples attention .

1 intrusive thoughts , such as thinking of swerving into on coming traffic while driving , are a form of ocd	just reading it , it seems like ocd isn't the problem , religion is !

1 there have been several vigilante groups in recent years , including a man named rodrigo duterte that transformed the murder capital of the philippines to " the most peaceful city	holy shit , duterte on reddit ! as person that was born and raised in davao city , i am happy that he is our mayor .
2 did you experience the transition of your city being dangerous to peaceful as the criminals were killed off ?	no . i was born on the 90s .

1 a neutron star is so dense that if an object was dropped from one meter above the star's surface , it would hit the surface at a speed of 7.2	the numbers that are referenced are so beyond far beyond understanding . objects weigh 100 billion times their normal weight ... wow .
2 imagine a tiny concrete cube 1/16 inch on a side . more of a concrete chip , really . or large-grain sand . pretty small , but you could still	i don't like thinking about very small things and very large it gives me night terrors .
3 this is called [ alice in wonderland syndrome ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alice_in_Wonderland_syndrome ) , i get it when i'm ill .	holy shit thank you so much .

1 jackie chan is a popstar in asia having released 20 studio albums , and often sings the theme songs of his movies	it seems not a lot of people realize this , but jackie chan was originally trained in chinese theater before doing action films . hence the singing background .

1 in the united states , more money is stolen by employers from employees each year than is stolen in robberies , burglaries , larcenies and auto thefts combined . the	it's almost as if there's a class struggle of some sort
2 yeah , a class struggle where the poor own iphones .	smart phones are a valuable , cost effective , communication tool . they are virtually indispensable for the working class . they provide easy and inexpensive access to communication medium
3 not the data plan associated with it .	you can have a smart phone without a data plan . very little loss in utility as more and more places offer free wifi .

1 jehovah's witnesses have falsely predicted the end of the world 20 times .	21 is the charm .

1 many phrases in english come from literal translations of chinese phrases , such as " long time no see " , " no go " , " lose face "	i've never known " lose face " as anything but eastern , as far as terminology . and i'm a yanke doodle dandy . but speaking of losing face ,

1 nfl legend walter payton originally didn't want to play high school football , because his brother played and he didn't want to compete with him . he only agreed to	he even has the most touchdown passes ( eight ) for any running back ever .

1 in 2007 , serbian vandals drove a stake into former president slobodan milosevic's grave to prevent him from coming back as a vampire .	ah , stuff like this makes me really proud for being a serb .

1 the seminole tribe of florida is the only native american group that has never officially been conquered by the us government	i learned this in 8th grade . the seminoles were total badasses .

1 russell brand was eligible to claim $ 22 million after divorcing katy perry , but declined .	he got to fuck katy perry on the reg . what else do you need after that ?
2 is she really that hot ? didn't he take [ this picture of her without makeup ? ] ( http://ak-hdl.buzzfed.com/static/2014-05/enhanced/webdr06/22/10/enhanced-32453-1400767705-24.jpg )	even hot people can take bad pictures .

1 during the second angle-afghan war , afghan women would use an execution method against the british where they would prop the soldiers mouth open to prevent swallowing and then take	did anyone else just try to swallow with their mouth fully open and head back ? i could not do it . with liquid it's a bit scary . don't
2 i can do it . never tried it with piss though ...	used juice , not at water sports with the so , and can confirm swallowing

1 in 1964 an israeli spy convinced the syrians to plant trees near military fortifications so that their soldiers had some shelter against the sun . the israeli's used those trees	the situation in the west bank may be unacceptable , but you've got to admit those israelis are damn clever . before the six day war , they managed to
2 steal from who ?	this is the incident in question : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cherbourg_Project#Missile_boat_flotilla

1 eunuchs ( castrated men ) live around 13.5 years longer than normal men due to the lack of testosterone .	well snippety-doo-da
2 indeed , o'neil .	two l's

1 during the filming of titanic , an angry crew member put pcp in james cameron's soup , sending him and 50 others to the hospital	why would 50 people drink james cameron's soup ?
2 james cameron doesn't do what james cameron does for james cameron . james cameron does what james cameron does because james cameron is ... james cameron .	his name is james , james cameron ! the greatest pioneer ! ! no budget too steep , no sea too deep . who's that ? ! ? it's him
3 it seems 12 people ( at this time ) do not get this reference .	is it possible that people just don't upvote every reference , even if they get it ?

1 in 2011 the fox network threatened to cancel the simpsons if production costs weren't lowered . all the voice actors accepted a 30 % paycut to each earn $ 300,000	gotta respect the dedication of the actors , willing to give up their own pay and financial security and get stuck living paycheque to paycheque just because they believed in
2 i doubt is that , i mean they havent done anything recent outside of the simpsons , so if the show gets cancel they end up without job and probably	hank azaria is still getting work . you are right about everyone else though .

1 when buddy holly died , his pregnant wife first got the news through the tv , and the shock caused her miscarriage , leading to the policy requiring families to	> i can't remember if i cried > when i read about his widowed bride
2 something touched me deep inside the day the music died	now , bye bye miss american pie .
3 drove my chevy to the levy but the levy was dry .	everybody walk the dinosaur

1 a retired major general suggested in 1935 that wars could be avoided by drafting the upper class before the rest .	all wars are put to a vote and if you vote yes , you must serve .
2 i love this idea . those who often beat the drums of war rarely fight in them .	that being said , people who don't want to fight in the war rarely enlist in the military .
3 neither do the guys signing up most of the time . i'd say 75 % of my coworkers while in the military were poor inner city black kids and poor	i find that interesting , i had a completely different experience . i never met anyone who didn't want to deploy . to be fair , i was in the

1 the world record for alcohol consumption is by andre the giant , who drank 156 beers in one sitting ( over 73 litres / 16 gallons )	and then he set another record for pissing for 12 minutes straight

1 jaws , scored by john williams , was surpassed as the highest-grossing film of all time by a new hope , scored by john williams , which was surpassed by	when adjusted for inflation gone with the wind is the highest grossing film of all time . none of these films have surpassed it .

1 the cast of friends earned at least $ 88,460 , 000 over its 10 seasons . each . ( this does not include syndication royalties negotiated from the 5th season	minus agent fees , management , lawyers , accountants , publicists , stylists , and tax they probably only saw about 40 million of it . hang on ... that's
2 you forgot taxes . 45 % off the top before anybody else touches it .	you only get taxed on the money you get as profit . you pay all your employees and contractors first , who then pay tax on that money . then

1 when giving cpr , one should follow the beat to either the song " stayin alive " or " another one bites the dust " , as both songs provide	studies have shown faster compression rates ( exceeding 100 bpm ) , around 125-130 bpm are better for survival . thus , staying alive and another one bites the dust

1 the earliest piece of great literature , the epic of gilgamesh , includes a story in which gilgamesh is told to build a ship to save the animals of the	the book of genesis was written centuries after the actual events happened . the torah's stories were passed down orally from generation to generation until they were finally put onto
2 op seems to be implying that the bible was written all at once at 1 ad . which is very silly . i'm glad a comment pointing out the absurdity	1 ad . there's no year 0

1 keith moon hated drum solos and refused to play them in concert . at one show , townshend and entwistle decided to spontaneously stop playing to hear moon's drum solo	the percussion drives the rhythm . why would the best driver in the world want to ride alone ?

1 there's a brewery in germany that's been continuously brewing since 1040	i * love * their beers ! i have a few in my fridge right now . :D

1 during prohibition , an exemption was made for whiskey prescribed by a doctor and sold through a pharmacy . the walgreens pharmacy chain grew from 20 retail stores to almost	we sure did learn a lot about the futility of enforcing personal / group qualms about the vices of others from prohibition . yep , we'll never spend 100 years

1 michael jackson didn't actually sing " lisa it's your birthday " on the simpsons , since he was only contracted to speak	actually he did sing it anonymously and uncredited because he was only contracted to speak .

1 jodie foster was so fluent in french that she dubbed her own movies .	i used babelfish and got the following : * je peux sentir votre chatte * but when i translate french back to english , i get : * i can

1 a 2005 survey of fortune 500 ceos revealed that 30 % were 6 ft 2 inches tall or more ; in comparison only 3.9 % of the overall united states	the first thing i noticed when visiting columbia business school was how tall everyone was . even the mit nerds and the women . i am 6 ' and i

1 both key & peele were cast against each other , in what was supposed to be the only black cast member spot available . but both ended up getting the	" tremendous " ? except that they really aren't that funny ..

1 shakuntala devi , an indian mental calculator , was asked to give the 23rd root of a 201 - digit number ; she answered in 50 seconds . her answer	holy crap , i cant even give the square root of the number in a minute

1 woo bum-kon , a south korea police officer who carried out the largest known incident of spree killing in modern history with 57 killed and 35 injured , went on	it does state on there he had an argument with his mrs , he was asleep and was woken up by her swatting a fly that was on his chest

1 the 1990 lexus ls400 was so ahead of its time that 5 % of its sales were from rival auto manufacturers , who were in awe of it's engineering .	if you , as an auto manufacturer , manage to produce a vehicle , you're guaranteed sales . every auto manufacturer purchases every other manufacturer's vehicles . specifically to take
2 yeah . so if 5 % of your sales come from your rivals , it only shows how few cars you sold .	the sales figures are immediately below there , 42k domestic in 1990 . that's * very * good for a full size luxury sedan , that's roughly doubling the sales
3 would that mean that 2100 auto manufacturers bought it ? that doesn't seem reasonable .	maybe they were wrecking em and stuff and had to buy multiple ? not sure

1 after the second jesse james reference this season , i did a little research and found something interesting . he was killed by an ' eager new recruit ' to	bob ford the damned coward , who was later gunned down while being a bartender . a man walked in with a shotgun and just blew him away .
2 if you haven't seen the film the assassination of jesse james by the coward robert ford ( which i'm actually assuming you have ) , it is an excellent film	i personally didn't like it all that much , i couldn't really understand what everyone was saying . also i'm a stickler for historical accuracy in movies especially when it

1 at the height of the irish potato famine in 1847 , almost 4,000 ships carried food from ireland to england and scotland while 400,000 irish died of starvation and related	i just think it's nice that the natives send some money to help .
2 courtesy of the choctaw nation of oklahoma , my tribe . http://www.choctawnation.com/news-room/press-room/media-releases/choctaws-helped-starving-irish-in-1847-this-act-shaped-tribal-culture/	on behalf of my family and all family's of my parents homeland , thank you to you and your ancestors . but realy thank from my ancestors to yours seeing

1 coffee loses caffeine as it roasted , so a dark , " bold " cup of coffee actually has less caffeine than a lighter roast .	on a related note , regular brewed coffee has more caffeine than espresso by a fair amount . caffeine extraction is a factor of time , so espresso is fairly
2 i cold brew at home and it makes a very nice , non-acidic coffee .	yes cold brew is great and creates a very mellow drinkable flavor . it's also perfect for making coffee additions to beer . any coffee beer you drink was likely

1 the queen is the only person in the uk who is not required to have a driving licence in order to drive	she doesn't need any id . not even a passport because she is the " issuer " of all ids . that is , it is her name that is
2 likewise if she committed a crime and went to court , it would be regina vs . regina .	regina ?
3 latin for ' queen ' . criminal cases are usually brought by the crown prosecution service , who represent the crown . private action might be smith vs . jones	and i had a great grandmother by that name .

1 jaguars frequently get high by eating hallucinogenic roots , which also increases their senses for hunting .	not sure if true , but someone once told me that jaguars will occasionally sleep on sloths in the jungle . and the sloths , having sense enough to be
2 sloths : nature's pillow	tomorrow's til .

1 " jesus " and " joshua " are the same name in greek . jesus christ means " joshua the annointed "	in ancient aramaic its actually pronounced something like yeshua . but from being translated to greek , then latin , then english it turned into jesus with a hard j

1 in germany , norway , sweden , japan , canada , greece , and finland , maternity leave meets or exceeds 6 months ; compare that to the u .	here in canada you can also divide the leave between the mother and father however you see fit .

1 christopher walken used to be lion tamer , and then studied dance	he's also one of the most charismatic men i've ever seen . watch him on ' inside the actors studio ' , and prepare to be disarmed .

1 wwii japan killed 4 million more people than the nazis , practiced mengele-like human experimentation , cannibalized and tortured pows , and forced women into military sex slavery .	i pointed out that the japanese soldier who went into the philippine jungles after the war , refused to surrender and murdered villagers was greeted as hero on his return
2 i hate to say it but reddit is filled with japanophiles .	not to downplay the atrocities committed by japan , but the nazi's killed 12 million , and the figure the original poster is referring to is the number of jews

1 some people can " flex " muscles in their inner ears to produce a low rumbling sound	sometimes i do it to block out something i don't want to hear . solid defense against spoilers .

1 in 1988 ian mckellen visited michael howard , then environment secretary , to lobby against section 28 . howard refused to change his position but did ask him to leave	since op failed to explain it , section 28 stated that government " shall not intentionally promote homosexuality or publish material with the intention of promoting homosexuality " or "
2 i'm not gay , nor do i consider myself as some sort of champion of homosexual rights , but i have a real problem with this kind of political doublespeak	the law and legal industry in every country works to create barriers so that you need a lawyer to understand it . if you made it clear , less work

1 on several occasions , harrison ford has personally provided emergency helicopter services at the behest of local authorities , in one instance rescuing a hiker overcome by dehydration in jackson	he personally flies the millennium falcon down several times . on the way the occasional tie fighter will come and prevent a challenge . usually it involves many ewoks and

1 martin sheen has been arrested 66 times for protesting and acts of civil disobedience	by all accounts , he's a really good guy . http://www.dailykos.com/story/2005/08/10/137393/-Martin-Sheen-Hates-America
2 he supports at least one terrorist organization that i know of , so no , fuck him .	dat source

1 the pirate bay tried buying their own island in hopes of making their own country with no copyright laws .	they get invaded by real pirates .
2 or until they discover oil and get invaded by the other real pirates .	wow such edge
3 much politics	very run-on joke .

1 , kim cattrall , while filming star trek iv : the undiscovered country , posed for photos on the enterprise bridge wearing nothing but vulcan ears . fearing harm to	it is as if a thousand trekkies just cried out in anguish .
2 from a trekkie i've never even heard of this person . looks like she played some minor character only in the movie ?	it was star trek 6 undiscovered country . she played a big part in it and was central to the plot of the movie . probably the hottest actress in
3 what about famke janssen ?	famke wins in my book hands down ...

1 the infinite monkey theorem , stating that monkeys with typewriters and enough time could produce the entire works of shakespeare , has been tried out in real life . they	technically given an infinite amount of time the monkeys would type out all books ever written . the whole problem is the infinity part .
2 this is scary . the amount of time it would take for a collection of , say , 20 monkeys , to , by chance and by accident , write	pretty sure all the resources in the universe would be consumed before a single book would be produced .

1 the show ' firefly ' has been permanently added to the international space station as a form of entertainment for the station's crews .	i hope no one is dwelling on out of gas .
2 that episode seriously is my favorite though . it's the one that i always go back to whenever i want to revisit the show .	jayne the hero of canton is my personal favorite .
3 canton	thank you .

1 the first canadian casualties of the afghanistan war were from an american pilot bombing a training exercise .	yeah . we remember .

1 in order to advertise their services , prostitutes in ancient greece wore sandals that left the words " follow me " imprinted in the dirt as they walked .	i'm thinking the prostitution market might have been competitive , and literate johns were wealthy johns . maybe like people with internet access , or smartphones .

1 , in the aftermath of katrina , the neighboring town of gretna , whose levies held , turned away refugees from new orleans at gunpoint	who wouldn't want to turn away a ravenous horde of ghetto dwellers ?
2 why are people up voting this ?	because it's true ?
3 let me be more clear . i agree with his sentiment and i probably would have done the same . but why must we use bigoted and racially infused language	because that takes longer to type and essentially means the same thing .

1 : there are no common surnames in thailand . under thai law , only one family can use any given surname : any two people of the same surname must	this is good to know . my fiance is half thai through her dads side so now i know everyone with that name is her relative !

1 in the vietnamese version of cinderella ( tam cam ) , at the end , cinderella dismembered her step sister , put the body into a jar of food and	don't forget in the original european ( brothers grimm ) version the step sisters cut off their own toes / heels to try and fit into the glass slipper and
2 yeah , but cannibalism is a bit more hardcore .	oh yeah definitely , but people often forget that the " disney " version isn't the original ... they think it was always fairy god mothers and some half hearted

1 there have been several vigilante groups in recent years , including a man named rodrigo duterte that transformed the murder capital of the philippines to " the most peaceful city	holy shit , duterte on reddit ! as person that was born and raised in davao city , i am happy that he is our mayor .
2 did you experience the transition of your city being dangerous to peaceful as the criminals were killed off ?	davao city during the 70s , 80s and early 90s was worst than mos eisley . muslim and communist insurgents , smugglers , drug lords , mercenaries and organize crime
3 well , if vigilantism worked for them , why not the rest of us ?	because people realize western problems are * not that bad *

1 serial killer rodney alcala acted as his own attorney in his trial . for five hours he interrogated himself on the witness stand , asking questions addressed to " mr	[ he was also a contestant on the dating game ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8D5dSEdQphw )
2 " what's your favorite time ? " " nighttime " no that's not murdery at all .	nah , it's not weird because — as everyone knows — nighttime is the only time .

1 andrew jackson , in a duel , gave his opponent a free shot . hit in the chest , he returned fire , killing the man . later said "	andrew jackson , the greatest sociopath to ever ~ ~ scare the ever living hell of ~ ~ grace this nation .
2 andrew jackson , great president , horrible human being .	every indian on the eastern half of the country during his presidency would like to have a word with you .

1 magpie attacks in australia have led cyclists to put spikes on their helmets .	don't forget the pantyhose when swimming australia specializing in death from land air and sea
2 pantyhose ?	to avoid being stung by jelly fish

1 the first person to break the nhl color barrier was of chinese descent .	since when does " color barrier " refer to anyone besides people of black / african ancestry ?
2 i believed color barrier to be any group who was not white . usually black people break the barriers . that's why i found this so interesting .	it definitely is . now i'm pondering all the various major league sports and their ethnic breakdowns and wondering why they are the way they are ...

1 war elephant drivers had a chisel and a hammer in order to cut the spinal cord of an elephant on the battlefield if it caused too mutch damage in its	did you even rtw , bro ?

1 margaret thatcher was reportedly more proud of becoming the first prime minister with a science degree than the first female prime minister of the united kingdom .	it'd be great if more people would think like she did and value their personal accomplishments over what they * are * ( e . g . sex , race
2 although getting elected as a woman in a country that has never done that before is itself a personal accomplishment .	ya but it's not like the uk hasn't been led by a woman before ... in a country that's had dozens of queens regnant , becoming the first female prime
3 first woman to rule the uk through actual accomplishment , not by being born into a centuries long insitution the population feels lawfully and divinely bound to serve . is	dunno many queens around the world have been taken out by the powerful man that keep the monarch in power if they don't play the game right .

1 the average life span of pet cats has risen from 7 years in the early 1980s to 12 + years today .	probably because people today treat them better than the egyptians did .
2 the egyptians back then only lived to be around 30 i think , wonder what the life span of cats back then were	actually , in the ancient world , if you made it to age 5 you had a good chance of making it to 50 .

1 blowjobs are illegal in malaysia and is punishable with imprisonment of 20 years maximum and whipping .	this is surprising ? i live in kennesaw , ga and fellatio is felony sodomy punishable by minimum one year in prison . it doesn't really stop anybody , but

1 the last duel in canada was between two men who were so terrified of dueling , one fainted and the other was seized by horror . the guns were also	aww that's kinda endearing . i hope they were still friends afterwards .

1 chris paul , one day after his 61 year-old grandfather was murdered , scored 61 points in a high school basketball game , intentionally missed a free throw , and	artist .

1 ronald mcnair , one of the astronauts killed in the 1986 challenger explosion , brought his saxophone with him on that mission with the intent to record the first original	actually , he was the only surviving member of that crew , renamed himself to [ craig robinson ] ( http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0732497/ ) and is now a successful actor .

1 jack johnson ( the first ever african american heavyweight boxing champion ) was pulled over for a $ 50 speeding ticket , but he gave the officer $ 100 telling	clicking this link from twitter all i saw was " til that jack johnson ( the first ever african american heavyweight boxing champion ) was pulled over for a $
2 don't worry they eventually arrested him for " pimping " his future wife . that case fell apart and they later arrested him for the same thing with ex girlfriend	the laws under which he was arrested were some of the most racist , unconstitutional bull-shit laws ever on the book . [ details on wikipedia . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mann_act

1 kgb defector anatoli golitsyn claimed in 1984 the ussr would intentionally collapse in order to lull the west into complacency .	wasn't it marx who said a state could only truly become a communist state after it has endured capitalism ?

1 there were still mammoths alive on earth as late as 2000 bc . the same time as the pyramids were being built .	then this is obviously how the pyramids were built . not with the help of aliens , as the history channel would like you to believe .
2 ugh , * classic * history channel . it's always aliens . or hitler .	and world peace has been in full effect since the pawn shop was invented .

1 members of the russian mafia would tattoo of lenin , marx , and engels on their chest or vital organs because firing squads could not shoot images of ussr's founding	having mixed feelings about my mermaid tattoo now

1 the battle of hastings was fought closer to the present-day town of battle than it was hastings .	the beginning of a french occupation of england :(
2 come on , you guys got to kick some french derrieres at waterloo , it's settled now .	lol they still own us and all our land , also they charge us for living on it . how is it settled ?
3 explain how the french own the uk ? i'm curious .	normans have owned all the land since 1066 and charge us to live on it . the normans are all the lords and dukes .

1 frodo baggins is 10 years older than boromir .	frodo has the ring 17 years before he starts the fellowship ... wtf ! ? !
2 holy crap , i never realized this .	yea , gandalf isn't really * schedule driven * .

1 a man who was kept in a state mental hospital against his will for 15 years sued the state for loss of liberty . his case went all the way	we need to start treating mental illness like any other illness instead of treating it like a joke . a woman in the street with a broken arm would (
2 the problem is it's very hard to draw the line . what if the woman screaming at demons is articulate about the demons ? what if she's standing on a	what if she's rehearsing lines from a script ?
3 or what if the demons she's screaming about are real ? ...	that's a thought that will fester .

1 in 1988 , actor gary busey was in a severe motorcycle accident . busey , not wearing a helmet , was in a coma for 33 days . in 2008	does it also explain his very scary teeth ?

1 camels originated in the present day united states and only later spread to asia and north africa	that's okay because they gave us horses in return .
2 na gave the world horses first . horses originated in na ! http://www.livescience.com/9589-surprising-history-america-wild-horses.html	well , yeah . but they were small and they disappeared here 11,000 years ago . but .. you are correct .

1 while nazis killed 6 million jews in ww2 , the imperial japanese slaughtered at least 23 million chinese	http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Japanese_war_crimes#Crimes accidently linked to the wrong section . i failed as an op .
2 hey at least your trying .	* you're * not

1 over 1,000 , 000 euros are thrown into the trevi fountain every year . the money is used to subsidize a supermarket for the needy .	sad that the one way to get people to give donations is to say there's a supernatural chance you'll be paid back

1 in 1964 , during their first american tour , the beatles refused to play their scheduled concert in jacksonville until the audience was desegregated	i read that as disintegrated for some reason and was confused .

1 the scrubs episode which poked fun at multi-camera sitcoms won an emmy for " outstanding multi-camera picture editing " .	this episode of scrubs ruined multi camera sitcoms from here on out for me . i can't watch any of them anymore

1 airlines don't pay tax on fuel	neither do farmers . furthermore farms arent subject to gas rationing because they maintain their own gas pumps on site my dad worked on a farm during the gas rationing
2 i've seen people use a secondary fuel tank ;-)	ive never seen anybody pulled over to check the dye either .
3 i've seen it done but there's usually a reason they're looking in the first place .	they check them quite regularly now , it is an easy exhaust test that can sometimes go unnoticed .

1 american " cheese " cannot legally be sold as cheese in america . hence the term " singles . "	hate all you want : there's nothing more satisfying than a slice of white american cheese on a grilled cheese sandwich .
2 no , what you want is some pepperjack , bacon , and a thin slice of tomato .	to be fair , that's no longer a grilled cheese sandwich .

1 in " a . i . artificial intelligence " , child actor haley joel osment suggested to steven spielberg that to portray an android well he shouldn't blink . osment	i'm now extra conscious of my blinking .
2 you are now also breathing manually	hi , i'm actor troy mcclure . you might remember me from such films as " you're reading this in my voice " , " you are now swallowing ,
3 today i'm here to tell you about " the final countdown is now playing in your head " .	the problem with that is " the final cowntdown ! " is the only part of the song i know .

1 robert e . lee not only considered slavery a moral & political evil , but his wife and daughter set up an illegal school for slaves at their arlington plantation	move over , ghandi .

1 after hurricane ike in 2008 , comcast customers were billed for unreturned equipment that had been destroyed by the hurricane . customers were charged as much as $ 1000 for	clearly the customers didn't have their priorities straight . load the car on short notice with precious cable equipment first , then family members , then pets , then cherished
2 turns to my 3 year old son and says " sorry son , there is no more room for you in the car , i can't deal with the idiocy	how exactly is comcast an idiot for wanting compensation for their destroyed equipment that people do not own ?
3 profit =/ = compensation . the bill for lost equipment is more expensive than the money it costs comcast to order more .	that's true in any case . comcast is shit , but just because it happened to people who's house was destroyed doesn't necessarily excuse them from their debt to comcast

1 a german knight named gotz von berlichingen lost his hand in 1504 , and had it replaced with a mechanical iron prosthetic . it was capable of grasping everything from	one word : automail .
2 [ more or less ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/8d/G%C3%B6tz-eiserne-hand1.jpg/428px-G%C3%B6tz-eiserne-hand1.jpg )	i would give up an arm , a leg , and my little brother for some actual goddamn automail .

1 rolling stone gave many artists bad reviews , then changed to good reviews after they became famous . examples include the beatles , led zeppelin , black sabbath , ac	rule of thumb when looking at rolling stone reviews : reverse whatever they say . if they say it's good , it's usually the same old played out shit .

1 the yapese use large stone " coins " for money which can weigh up to 8,800 lbs . rather than move them , they usually just keep track of who	did they use notes to determine ownership if so it's kinda like current banking systems which use banknotes to represent a share in the nations gold reserves .

1 for centuries there was a class of slave-soldier called the mamluks . they were so powerful , free men would sell themselves into slavery hoping to join them . also	i think that they were the sons of christians who could not achieve higher status in the muslim / ottoman system . the christians would hand their children over because

1 of a spider species that's attracted to the smell of petroleum and has caused problems by weaving webs inside the canister vent of particular models of mazda vehicles . mazda	yeah some little ant fuckers got into my lawnmowers petrol can . had to waste like 4 litres . then i also had to remove them from my mower's petrol

1 in the houston oilers final year , despite an 8-8 record , attendance was so low that you could actually hear conversations taking place on the field .	i always wished they just stayed the oilers . i know it doesnt really matter it just seemed classy .

1 arnold schwarzenegger did not accept his california governor's salary of $ 175,000 per year because of his already substantial wealth from his acting career .	http://snag.gy/XimpQ.jpg oh , the irony

1 , before his days as a supernatural detective , norville " shaggy " rogers was once a track star and gymnast , " both of which hint at his uncanny	shaggy's real name is norville rogers .
2 i learned this ages ago from the scooby-doo ride at six flags fiesta texas .	a pup named scooby doo taught me this .

1 in 1984 , british comedian tommy cooper had a heart attack and died on live television . the audience all assumed it was part of his act and laughed /	link to the video : http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=26f_1399319087 not graphic , but kind of sad .
2 very sad . it might be the kind of death that a comedian would dream of , but the way it happens is just so unceremonious and humiliating . most	his final words became " thank you love " which is a magnificent thing to end with . his final word was also " love " .

1 in february 2012 , lehigh university of pennsylvania released a study that priced the death star based on the cost of steel to produce it . it believed that in	is there even enough metal in this earth for that ?
2 they would have a universe to extract metal from , not just one planet .	no we wouldn't . they * would * . we wouldn't . we're not a fucking galactic empire , we are one planet . since they are talking about our

1 when the nazi party held its first book burnings , one of the works destroyed was an 1821 play by heinrich heine containing the famous phrase " where they burn	if you burn enough books you'll eventually burn a book that predicts the future ... right ?
2 infinite nazi theorem ?	it's just nazi's all the way down

1 . cameron diaz advocates urinating outdoors or during a shower because it conserves electricity and water .	[ you should pee on your garden , seriously . ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/england/cambridgeshire/8357134.stm )

1 canada was the third country to go to space	" at the time , canada only possessed upper atmospheric launch capabilities , and therefore alouette 1 was sent aloft by the american national aeronautics and space administration ( nasa

1 pinocchio actually kills the cricket , imprisons his maker for 3 years , bites off a cats hand , kills a snake by making it explode from laughing too hard	did you just watch the episode of warehouse 13 ?

1 in the online game eve a player group spent 12 months infiltrating a rival group , then assassinated their leader and stole or destroyed $ 16,500 . 00 usd worth	i'll just leave this here http://i.imgur.com/jj16ThL.jpg
2 wow what an old image , pirates of the burning sea ? impressive .	that's actually recycled from [ this ] ( http://i.stack.imgur.com/iECXl.jpg ) , i believe . cause you know , while eve is complex , i don't think it has a huge

1 as a child elon musk was bullied so severely he once had to be hospitalized because of a beating from other students	so rich that he can now hire hitmen to track those kids down and kill them all . those kids should now be shittin ' bricks .

1 the sand cat can survive in temperatures ranging from − 5 ° c ( 23 ° f ) to 52 ° c ( 126 ° f ) and although they	cats are pretty amazing with water . if i feed both of mine wet food , they don't drink any water at all . i end up changing the water
2 same here . i've thought of buying one of those tiny cat fountains that filters the water for you .	i have one but i am not home for 5 days or more sometimes .
3 do they require daily cleaning ?	he has one because he's not home for five days or more sometimes .

1 the parents in ferris buellers day off met onset and actually got married after filming .	as an actor speaking from experience , it makes total sense . you're locked away with this one person for sometimes 18 hour days for three months , you have
2 i'd believe you , but something makes me think you may be karma-whoring ...	haha usually i would , but this is the rarest of occasions

1 thomas edison was an advocate for monetary reform in the united states . he was ardently opposed to the gold standard , and debt based money . famously , he	you're trekking dangerous waters with a til on edison with how much reddit revere's tesla . good luck .
2 thomas edison : “ genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration . ” http://thinkexist.com/quotation/genius_is_one_percent_inspiration_and_ninety-nine/14882.html i have never understood reddit's hatred of a man i considered a childhood hero	reddit hates him because he was a douchebag who stole ideas from other people and almost succeeded in stunting the industrial age by attempting to kill ac for his own

1 if you don't identify as an " extrovert " or " introvert , " you might be an " ambivert . " an ambivert is moderately comfortable with groups and	im not an ambi turner . i cant turn left

1 puerto rico holds a vote every 4 years to decide whether it will become an independent nation , a united state , or remain a commonwealth of america	i'm from puerto rico and the truth is that no matter how much we vote , nothing changes . if the u . s . wanted to make us a

1 poet stanislaw jerzy lec survived a german concentration camp by killing his guard with a shovel that was given to him to dig his own grave - and then escaping	poetic justice .
2 if i told you that poet stanislaw jerzy lec survived a german concentration camp would you trust it ?	i mean you need to hear dis

1 in 2013 japan's council of national defense approved a draft for full scale rearmament of the country , after nearly 70 years of complete pacification resulting from the end of	even if japan started pumping a quarter of their gdp into a military , china could still stomp them out of existence using just outdated equipment that they need to

1 the infinite monkey theorem , stating that monkeys with typewriters and enough time could produce the entire works of shakespeare , has been tried out in real life . they	i'm pretty sure infinite monkeys are endangered .

1 pumpkins , watermelons , avocados , and bananas are all berries while strawberries , raspberries , and blackberries are not	[ i love this comic ] ( http://i.imgur.com/PnUmaFm.png )

1 the verve had to surrender 100 % of the royalties earned by their hit song ' bitter sweet symphony ' to abkco , the rolling stones ' former record company	irony much ?

1 tina turner is no longer an american citizen . she has passed a german language test and swiss history test and is exclusively a swiss citizen after giving up her	she lives about 15 minutes from my place . has a huge mansion right on the lakeside and is never outside . i row past her house everyday . she
2 > i row past her house everyday . she's probably hiding , terrified .	haha , i'm not stalking her , my rowing club is literally next door .
3 i now have you tagged as tina turner's stalker .	be sure to remind me everytime you see a comment of mine , should be fun !

1 matt stone and trey parker offer low-profile , non-speaking roles to celebrities and that george clooney was offered the role of stan's dog . he accepted , voicing several very	they did this in the first seasons , right after south park debuted and was a big hit a lot of celebrities ( including tom cruise ) contacted comedy central
2 don't forget the metallica song !	little boyeee you goin to heyyyyelllllll-ah .
3 - aaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhh *	nah , the mighty het recorded this before he stretched out syllables too much .

1 on titan the atmosphere is so thick and the gravity so low that humans could fly through it by flapping " wings " attached to their arms .	[ vonnegut coulda told you that . ] ( http://www.amazon.com/The-Sirens-Titan-A-Novel/dp/0385333498 ) btw some think that's his best book .
2 yes ! this fact fits perfectly into that book . funny , i wonder if vonnegut was aware of this ?	as the sole surviving practitioner of bokononononononoism he would probably say that he was , but because we know a little something about bokononononononists , we would know that if

1 bruce lee could snatch a dime off a person's open palm before they could close it , and leave a penny behind	hmmm i don't buy it ( pardon the pun ) any video proof ?
2 comedybangbang was already taken ?	iv'e been using comedy death ray since the early comedy death ray podcast days lol

1 male ants do not have fathers because unfertilized eggs become males while fertilized eggs become females	relevant text : " the life of an ant starts from an egg . if the egg is fertilised , the progeny will be female ( diploid ); if not
2 same with bees !	same with my cousin mike .

1 a mysterious incident happened in oakville in which strange blobs fell from the sky and possibly caused illness to the people who handled them . study of the strange blobs	like raining fish and other things , it was probably something picked up from a lake or whatever by the weather .

1 prostitution was widely legal in the united states up until the early 1900 ' s , when the woman's christian temperance union lobbied against it . this was the same	back when america was free .

1 nokia made a handheld game console in 2003 , the n-gage . in the first two weeks , nokia claimed to have sold 400,000 units , but researchers later found	i bought an n-gage on the same receipt as superman 64 . http://imgur.com/QrJ4Y
2 you are a man of terrible decisions .	and looks

1 if you plant an apple seed the resulting plant is a different apple variety , like if a granny smith seed is planted than you might get a ' red	finding a " sweet " apple tree to graft was as good as striking oil or gold back in the day !

1 odds of being attacked by a candiru ( penis invading fish ) are " about the same as being struck by lightning while simultaneously being eaten by a shark .	the guy who proved this ... you da real mvp
2 na , you da real mvp	nah , i da real mvp

1 if finding nemo was real , when nemo's mum and siblings got eaten , nemo's dad would have developed female gonads and formed a breeding pair with nemo .	there goes my childhood .

1 the flavour " blackcurrant " is largely unknown to people in the united states , due to a ban on the berry in the early 1900s .	try finding anything grape flavored in the uk . it seems to be the blackcurrant equivalent .
2 the only grape-flavoured stuff we need is wine . and possibly grapes .	[ no grape drank ? ] ( http://www.americansweets.co.uk/ekmps/shops/statesidecandy/images/american-kool-aid-large-tub-grape-1639-p.jpg )
3 [ that grape drank ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vTUZ5.gif )	[ grape drank you say ? ] ( https://gs1.wac.edgecastcdn.net/8019B6/data.tumblr.com/tumblr_m0qoox2Ref1qm37qco1_250.gif )

1 ellen degeneres was cast as dory in finding nemo when the director , andrew stanton , watched her ' change the subject 5 times before finishing the sentence ' in	ellen degeneres was dory ? ! that's the real til here as far as i'm concerned .
2 you did not realize this because she was not allowed to make references about her being a lesbian .	dude , seriously ?

1 despite receiving near-universal acclaim , the film iron giant bombed at box office , failing to make back even half of its budget	this is one of the only few movies that makes me tear up

1 voted fraud was a likely culprit for kennedy's victory over nixon . one case in texas had 6,138 votes cast in a county of only 4,895 voters .	according to one of nixon's staff members kennedy " stole it fair and square " - meaning that election fraud ( not the same thing as voter fraud ) is
2 election fraud to politicians is like steroids in 90 ' s baseball .	or steroids in cycling today .
3 steroids have been part of cycling even before bicycle were invented .	professional unicyclers ?

1 unicorns are mentioned in the bible .	6 % of americans [ believe unicorns are real ] ( http://www.us101country.com/pages/bearandken.html?article=11067520 )

1 sesame street's count von count's counting obsession come from a traditional vampire myths that depicts vampires as having a fixation with counting small objects . in the myth , the	x-files episode " bad blood " touches on this . great episode .

1 in 2002 , when bruce willis's daughter suggested he buy girl scout cookies for troops , willis responded by buying 12,000 cookies and sending them to sailors and soldiers in	all somoa's

1 when christopher priest ( author of the prestige ) saw chris nolan's film adaptation of his book , his reaction was " well , holy shit ... i wish i'd	did them in front of people at large demonstrations .

1 in 1997 the hill reported that congresswoman sheila jackson lee asked nasa officials whether the mars pathfinder photographed the u . s . flag that neil armstrong had planted on	ugh , i don't even care about her playing the race card . she was on the house committee for science . look , i understand that we don't get
2 she wasn't playing it . her chief of staff wrote the letter . edit : i was wrong , she's a total bitch . http://dailycaller.com/2011/03/02/congressional-bosses-from-hell-sheila-jackson-lee/?print=1	i read so much of this in tracy morgan's voice .

1 upon his second defeat to alexander the great , king darius iii of persia offered alexander 30,000 talents ( 780 tons of silver , worth around £ 500,000 , 000	he went on to take over all of persia , but died before he could make it home . what is the point of winning if you don't get to

1 japanese honeybees kill hornets by enclosing them in a ball of bees , and then shaking so fast and generating so much heat that they cook the hornet at 115	also note that the bees are within 1 degree of killing themselves . they would die if they reach 116 . i saw a documentary about it and it was

1 the great gatsby originally sold poorly ( 20,000 copies in the first year ) and the author , f . scott fitzgerald , died believing himself to be a failure	it was terrible ... intellectuals have turned a mediocre book into an overrated piece of shit

1 jeremy clarkson's love of jeans has been blamed for the decreased denim sales mid - 1990s , particularly levi's , because of their being associated with middle aged men .	or it could be that i can get a pair of jeans from target or wal-mart for less than $ 20 , but levi's wants $ 50 because they are
2 break in one pair of selvedge jeans then try to tell me they aren't worth the money . some times price is indicative of quality .	some people don't give nearly that many fucks about their pants .
3 but most people do care how much it costs . cheap jeans last much less longer than brand name ones . for example , i had 3 pairs of cheap	not always true , i had a pair of lucky brand jeans ( $ 100 ) , and they lasted about six months . that being said , they were

1 a polish soldier named witold pilecki voluntarily entered auschwitz ; he eventually escaped and wrote the world's 1st ever record of the holocaust	this dude was a serious badass . thanks for posting this ! i cant believe they executed him ...

1 chris paul , one day after his 61 year-old grandfather was murdered , scored 61 points in a high school basketball game , intentionally missed a free throw , and	: as a sophomore , chris paul punched an nc state player in the groin and was suspended for one game
2 yeah it was julius hodge . the rumor going around at the time was the reason cp3 did it was hodge made an in-game comment about chris's grandfather .	that is just plain over the line .

1 the vagina was named after the latin word for " scabbard " , reflecting it's function of holding a man's sword	vagina is actually the slang term . the original word was cunnus , which is where the words cunnilingus and cunt come from . think of it like faggot ,

1 in penile-vaginal intercourse with an hiv-infected partner , a woman has an estimated 0.1 % chance of being infected , and a man 0.05 % . am i the only	yeah , because we were all taught about sex from ignorant , bigoted christians intent on making us feel disgusted and afraid of human sexuality .

1 robert e . lee not only considered slavery a moral & political evil , but his wife and daughter set up an illegal school for slaves at their arlington plantation	more importantly , he's a distant cousin of christopher lee ( saruman , count dooku , dracula ) . also my girlfriend , but i doubt that's as interesting to
2 i can't understand what you just wrote but i am also directly related to him . small world	now kiss ( you're southerners after all )

1 : composer arnold schoenberg had triskaidekaphobia . he feared the number 13 so much that he called it 12a instead of 13 , and when he was 76 ( 7	whenever crazy people stories like this come up , you got to wonder , did they know ? are we all ignorant of something that this guy knew ? ?

1 robin williams voiced the genie in " aladdin " for $ 75,000 . he agreed to the job provided that his name or image not be used for marketing ,	robin williams did not voice the genie in the sequels . i haven't seen the movies since i was a kid but for some reason i still imagined robin williams
2 there are sequels to aladdin ? !	they're not great .
3 they're still good though .	oh , not horrible ... just not " aladdin " great .

1 there were 6 assassins sent to kill archduke franz ferdinand and 1 of them threw a bomb that exploded under the wrong car . his assassination failed , he took	final destination . death was not ready for him yet .

1 every winter at a research station in the south pole , 50 people are left totally isolated for 8 months . an annual tradition for the personnel is the back	there's also [ the 300 club ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/300_Club ) where they sit in a 200f sauna , then go outside into - 100f cold and run naked around the
2 pfft i'm going to start a 600 club . i'll tell you guys how it goes	are you dead yet ?

1 in canada , that trees are plugged to " piplines " delivering the sap to the maple syrup refinery	correction : should have read as " pipelines " i . e . tubings .

1 the cost of the international space station is funded by the usa 81 % , russia 8 % , europe 3 % , japan 3 % , and canada 1	thanks , obama .

1 the ceo of susan g . komen for the cure makes nearly $ 700k a year , about 25 % more than other non-profits of comparible size , while only	remember that time we absolutely destroyed invisible children and drove a man to insanity because he made a whopping 90k a year running that charity ?

1 . in the us , the " we'll be back after these messages " often seen during kid shows of the ' 70s , ' 80s , and ' 90s	in canada we had the house hippo to teach us the difference . i still want one :(
2 never saw this as an american , [ youtube link for the lazy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NBfi8OEz0rA ) . almost seems like something you'd see on adult swim , at least	that , and the ' heritage minutes ' , were a major part of my childhood . log driver's waltz , basketball , the origins of the national anthem ...
3 can't forget about " [ don't you put it in your mouth ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5AuLkMBAFZg ) "	i really love all the random weird shit we collectively grew up with .

1 in 1993 bill and hilary clinton created and campaigned heavily for a bill that proposed universal health care .	anyone who paid attention to american politics in 2008 ( or 1993 ) or watched the movie sicko should know this .

1 billionaire j . paul getty refused to pay $ 17m ransom for his kidnapped grandson . when the teenager's severed ear arrived , he agreed $ 3m but only paid	the getty villa is awesome , i recommend you check it out next time you are in malibu

1 hitler loved pranks . he once tricked a high ranking nazi into thinking he was going on a suicide mission , causing him to escape , hand himself over to	so the holocaust was all just one big joke

1 the novelist stephen king said that professor umbridge from the harry potter series is the " greatest make-believe villain to come along since hannibal lecter . "	the kingslayer begs to differ if we're talking about character depth . otherwise joffery will do .

1 john cusack once asked his agent to " bring him the craziest , most unproduceable script " they could find . the agent came back with " being john malkovich	sure it wasnt con-air ? haha , i love that movie but the script is ridiculous .

1 queen ( the band ) is the only group that has had all of its members compose multiple # 1 hits , so in addition to the band being inducted	it's a crying shame sacha baron cohen isn't gonna play freddy mercury . he was born for that part .
2 who is then ?	[ ben whishaw ] ( http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0924210/?ref_=nv_sr_1 ) . while not as perfect as sacha baron cohen would have been , he does look a lot like him .

1 after a student was suspended for wearing one of their tees , the band korn gave away hundreds of their shirts to a michigan high school . police actually helped	god damn do i miss wklq . i love sports , but did they have to take over my favorite radio station ? !

1 in 1964 two students attempted to kidnap the british prime minister . the plot was foiled when he offered them beer . they accepted and abandoned their plot . this	is this what the british version of house of cards is about ?

1 prostitution was widely legal in the united states up until the early 1900 ' s , when the woman's christian temperance union lobbied against it . this was the same	thank you wctu . without you we wouldn't have boardwalk empire

1 the chrysler pt cruiser is actually a truck . chrysler specifically designed it to fit criteria for a light truck in order to bring the average fuel efficiency of the	the really shocking thing in this article is that it won north american car of the year in 2013 .
2 2013 ? !	should say 2001 .

1 the time machine in ' back to the future ' was originally a refridgerator , but was changed since they were concerned kids would lock themselves inside	came in here to see op getting bashed for misspelling " refrigerator . "

1 there was a " back to the future " animated series that ran from 1991-1992 . the show was not popular , but it featured live-action segments where christopher lloyd	i remember enjoying this show as a kid ( i was a big back to the future fan ) . the cartoons themselves weren't great , but the live action

1 singer tom waits successfully sued the lapd . he was wrongfully arrested for disturbing the peace when , outside a coffee shop , he intervened a group of men who	tom waits composed jersey girl and not springsteen .

1 profits from pink floyds dark side of the moon were invested in the production of monty python and the holy grail	life of brian was also partially funded by [ george harrison ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monty_Python%27s_Life_of_Brian#Production ) . > the film would not have been made without former beatle and python fan
2 monty python movies were basically the first kickstarter funded movies . the people / groups who funded it put in the money in order to watch it .	so you are saying that they were an acting troupe which relied on wealthy patronage ? interesting , the evolution of the arts .
3 if i were rich i'd fund these guys to make more films .	shut up and get rich !

1 hershey's chocolate is flavored with sour-tasting butyric acid , which also gives vomit its aroma . this is why people unaccustomed to american chocolate sometimes compare it to vomit .	hershey's is some of the cheapest chocolate you can buy . go to other countries and buy cheap chocolate , it's probably not all that great either . if you
2 > go to other countries and buy cheap chocolate , it's probably not all that great either . [ marabou ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marabou_(chocolate\) ) is the most awesome chocolate ever	in my experience , that stuff , like most of the big brand nordic chocolates ( including freia and fazer ) is like sticking a bag of sugar in your

1 : when the ocarina of time was remade for the 3ds , nintendo purposefully did not fix many of the original game's bugs , to give players as close an	but you know what they fixed ? ! roll jumping going farther . : <

1 the founding fathers didn't want political parties because they were worried that they'd end up competing rather then promoting the greater good	* * go figure * *

1 : members of the band " good charlotte " protested against kfc's treatment of chickens . then in 2012 and 2013 appeared in a number of kfc commercials in australia	i only know them from that one terrible harry potter fanfic where everyone was suddenly goth for no other reason than because the author's teen angst convinced them that everyone

1 billy joe armstrong came out as bisexual in 1995 saying that all people were born bisexual and just caused to change by social pressures .	i believe it . i have only had experience with men ( i'm a woman ) and i love my boyfriend but man , girls are hot . i just

1 olympic skeet shooting was open to both sexes ... until a woman won gold in 1992 .	* post hoc ergo propter hoc * , eh ?

1 4 states ( vermont , alaska , hawaii , and maine ) have laws prohibiting the use of outdoor advertising with billboards .	i was born and raised in hawaii , so i didn't even know billboard advertising was really a thing . moving to the mainland was really surprising . driving around
2 i always get the same feeling when i leave maine . when i was a kid billboards always seemed so foreign and exotic - they were one of the most	i'm asking around , have you seen the billboard just off the pike in lewiston ? it was always so amazing to me because its the only one .
3 * * shudders * * lewiston ...	augusta's actually much , * much * worse these days .

1 screw anyone who bad mouths beadle . he didn't get enough credit for this .	his entertainment input was still wank . nice he did some good stuff , so let's give him a big hand . edit . yes i am both ashamed and

1 coca cola launched their dasani brand of water in the uk by referring to it as " bottled spunk " with the tagline " can't live without spunk " ,	how did they not know that . it's even an american slang for semen !

1 the physical document that dissolved the soviet union is missing	putin jerks off on it every night and laughs himself to sleep .
2 jesus please a spoiler tag or at least a nsfw warning . my two children read that and i had to explain that filth to them . i used to	dude . what ? free speech man . " don't take away my steak just because a child can't chew it " ~ mark twain .

1 hershey's chocolate is flavored with sour-tasting butyric acid , which also gives vomit its aroma . this is why people unaccustomed to american chocolate sometimes compare it to vomit .	this makes so much sense now . i couldn't understand why north americans thought it tasted so good when all i could think was it tasted like chocolatey vomit .

1 the comedy film my cousin vinny is often praised by lawyers due to its accurate depiction of courtroom procedure , something very rare in films which portray trials . it	we watched it as an example in my business law class .

1 before he became emperor , it was predicted that roman emperor caligula had " no more chance of becoming emperor than of riding a horse across the bay of baiae	fun fact caligula means " little boots "

1 in 1975 , a 15 - year-old girl was beaten to death , with the primary suspects in the murder being kennedy-cousins thomas and michael skakel . although michael skakel	he was apparently released on bail and granted a new trial in 2013 . i can't find any info on if that new trial has occurred yet or not ...

1 all copies of the film " nosferatu " were ordered burned by a court due to a lawsuit from the heirs of bram stoker , who said the film was	nosferatuuuuu

1 the international space station is estimated to be the most expensive thing ever built ( $ 150 billion )	all that money spent for a space tomb for jason voorhees .

1 the primitive bobsled was built because some tourists got bored at a winter resort . the first luge track was built by the owner of that resort to keep them	yeah , " bumping " ... " i say there's that charlatan that scorned my advances a fortnight ago ! nail her !

1 the sun takes up 99.9 % of the mass of the solar system . of the remaining 0.1 % , more than 90 % is the mass of jupiter and	occupy the sun ! it's time to dismantle this oppressive system and win the weight relativity that we rightly deserve .

1 sean bean , elijah wood , sean astin , orlando bloom , billy boyd , ian mckellen , john rhys-davies , dominic monaghan and viggo mortensen all have the word	i'm guessing he was they guy that just finished the [ lotr trilogy . ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/tb7k1/finished_watching_lotr_trilogy/ )

1 three minutes after the finale of m * a * s * h had aired approximately 77 % of new york city flushed their toilets . this is estimated to	well , i never realized that show was so damn popular .
2 i'm watching it on netflix right now . not only are the quality of all the show's jokes great , but they throw a joke a minute at you .	i love you . love . mash was one of my favorite shows growing up . i used to get up early in the summer to watch the reruns .
3 see you in a few weeks kind sir . remember to go pee .	if i don't drink i don't need to go pee . problem solved

1 according to the cherokee creation myth , the first man and woman ( who were brother and sister ) reproduced when the man hit the woman with a fish and	explaining creation and male dominance / brutality in one legend . damn , the cherokee were efficient .

1 the international space station is estimated to be the most expensive thing ever built ( $ 150 billion )	it still amazes me that this was possible at all in real life when i can't seem to get the smallest capsule into space in a video game without using

1 christopher nolan's interstellar is the only film in the top 10 worldwide box office of 2014 to be wholly original--not a reboot , remake , sequel , or part of	it did so well , as it should , because it's a really well written science fiction story chock-full of allegory to make people talk at the end instead of

1 in 1959 a greek politician called xenophon zolotas , gave 2 speeches in english which are historical because they contained only terms of greek origin .	i've seen somewhere a speech by an academic who performed a similar feat with german .

1 the sr - 71 " blackbird " was so fast that a standard evasive maneuver in case it detected a sam missile was simply to outfly the said missile .	wasn't it one of these that got shot down over russia ? edit : no you prick ! that was a u2 !
2 nope , that was a lockheed u - 2 , which was a lot slower .	my gratitude lord storm

1 president lbj owned an amphibious car , the amphicar , and used it to scare guests by driving them into his lake screaming about brake failure	heh heh . same president who once whipped out his johnson during a press conference and drank two fifths of cutty sark a day .
2 yup . he also once whipped out his dick in front of white house staffers and asked ' does ho chi minh have anything like this ? ' apparently the	says who ?
3 robert caro , who won his second pulitizer prize for his five volume biography of lbj , estimates his net worth as at least 9 million when he was president	i'm confused . i'm well endowed but i dont have a high net worth . should i ?

1 the futurama episode " jurassic bark " was nominated for a primetime emmy for " outstanding animated program " and lost ... to an episode of the simpsons .	that's nothing compared to meanwhile ( the latest heart-wrenching futurama series finale ) losing its emmy to an episode of bob's burgers about tina and some unicorns or something .
2 held a grudge ? i think cartoons might have an influence in your life beyond the point of normalcy	maybe . anything else you've noticed about me you want to criticize ? i'm writing this stuff down , i really want to improve myself to meet the standards of
3 maybe don't take things so personally	got it . now why don't you scurry off to a different reddit post and spread your pointless cynicism to others who need it . you're a redditor among redditors

1 people who are allergic to latex are likely to also be allergic to kiwi fruit and mango .	that sucks . kiwis and mangos are delicious

1 edge of tomorrow , adapted from all you need is kill by hiroshi sakurazaka , who was inspired from his experience from playing video games ; when getting stuck on	if you haven't read the manga , do yourself a favor and read it . there's a lot of depth to it that was lost in the movie adaptation ,
2 too many japanese tropes . the main character pulling a dbz / bleach / whatever going on monologues on how he needs to get more powerful / better . emily	read the book instead , i found it to be much better .
3 now someone needs to list a bunch of japanese book tropes .	audio book that shit . its on youtube .

1 the leader of the church of scientology's wife disappeared in 2006 and hasn't been located since .	katie holmes needs to hire a hardcore 24/7 personal security team .
2 fun fact : [ she went through a scientology " purification " ritual that could have left her dead . ] ( http://www.bittenandbound.com/2008/07/21/katie-holmes-hands-discolored-from-scientology-purification-rundown-purif/ )	[ are you sure tom isn't just holding the black guy's hand ? ] ( http://www.bittenandbound.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/07/kate-holmes-purple-hands.jpg )

1 the corpse of the original singer from alice in chains is believed to have sat in front of a flickering tv set for 2 weeks before it was found .	sad as fuck .
2 i feel like we might like the same bands	me too ! let's be friends !

1 in 1997 , there was a contest to win a fully-furnished exact replica of the “ simpsons ” house in clark county , nev . the winner could choose to	my dad was actually the supervising architect on the project . we watched way too much simpsons while he was trying to put together the floor plan . i was
2 really ? i want to believe the world is this small thanks to the internet ...	they gave tours to the general public . i saw that shit when i was 8 and it was fucking rad .

1 mark wahlberg committed vicious hate crimes , including harassing african-american children by throwing rocks at them and shouting racial epithets and permanently blinding a vietnamese man in one eye .	since when does this matter ? snoop dog and dr dre are both degenerates but people here have no problem kissing their asses . mention chris brown though and watch
2 i heard about dr dre attacking that woman but what did snoop dog do ?	just a shit tonne of legal issues . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Snoop_Dogg#Legal_incidents
3 he just likes his weed man . not really a degenerate .	oh , i agree . just couldn't really find anything else on the guy .

1 : the director roman polanski pleaded guilty of raping a 13 year old girl in 1977 but fled the u . s to avoid charges , this is why his	why are these shit bags working with this sicko ?
2 they're all pretty respectable actors , maybe this sicko made a big mistake and has been living with the repercussions ever since , and happens to work people who can	that would be potentially valid if he had not fled from punishment . but yeah shit bags .

1 the canadian government has banned members of the westboro baptist church from entering the country	canada first beats us at getting rid of the penny , and now this !
2 you beat us at legalizing marijuana in some states .	cops don't care here , and i like the unregulated prices edit : ok , i guess downvotes . don't look below , cause he's saying the samething ...
3 i live in cali and i have this conversation with my friends back east pretty often . once it's legalized prices will go up and my friendly neighborhood drug dealer	how will prices go up ? it's not expensive to make . and if it's legal , courts will be less harsh on growers , which means more will start

1 fairly oddparents used voices of ppl like alec baldwin , steve irwin , dana carvey , and jay leno ( who was the crimson chin )	i love this show , but the live action movie was horrific ...
2 what would you expect ?	touche .

1 while alpha male australian giant cuttlefish are busy fighting cross-dressing males sneak in for sexy time with the females	punctuation !

1 the man third in succession for the presidency of the united states once pried a live grenade from his arm after it had been blown off and then continued to	inouye & the whole lot of national & state senators & reps from hawaii have so much integrity . the amount of oil $ they have accepted prolly doesn't exceed

1 in some countries ( such as zimbabwe ) it is commonly believed that sex with an albinistic woman cures hiv . this has led to rapes and subsequent spread of	albino . it's ' albino woman ' . what is this ' ... istic ' shit ?

1 france , with more than 11,000 , 000 km² , has the second-largest exclusive economic zone in the world , just behind the united states .	that happens when you colonize a bunch of tiny islands all over the world .

1 the letter h is spelled " haitch " , and that every letter has a proper spelling .	one of my friends has always spelled it " hache " , but actually pronounces the leading h . " i'm running low on hachepee . "

1 nba hall of famer patrick ewing frequently faced racist chants while he played in college . in one game after an orange was thrown at him , the opposing coach	respect for jim boeheim + 1

1 the creators of kazaa went on to become the team that created skype .	* * scandinavia , fuck yeah . * *
2 yeah , we sure like to create a lot of shitty software over here . .. no , finland is not part of scandinavia . don't even try .	niklas zennström is swedish and janus friis is danish ...
3 yes ? both denmark and sweden are part of scandinavia .	i though you were trying to say that finland was responsible for kazaa / skype , but maybe you weren't .

1 queen are the only group in which every member has composed more than one # 1 single , and hence , all four members were inducted into the songwriters hall	but who wrote bicycle race ? all that matters .

1 genghis khan once sent a 500 man caravan to establish trade ties , only to receive nothing in return and to have the whole caravan executed . genghis khan responded	i didn't know dodge made a model that large .

1 4 states ( vermont , alaska , hawaii , and maine ) have laws prohibiting the use of outdoor advertising with billboards .	i just moved to alaska two months ago and didn't know this until now . i actually haven't seen any billboards , you're right . it's nice !

1 chuck lorre , creator of the execrable " two and a half men " and " the big band theory " , also co-wrote the theme music to tv's "	the same person is responsible for two of the worst shows on television in recent history .
2 since when did redditors start disliking big bang theory ?	does anyone actually like the show ? the characters are grating . i can't watch 5 minutes without wanting to throw my tv through a window .
3 i'm with you , it's just another interchangeable four camera sitcom ( edit : my bad )	because i'm a pedant , the standard term is " four camera sitcom " . i only recently learned this myself from [ this new york article ] ( http://www.newyorker.com/reporting/2010/12/06/101206fa_fact_bissell

1 a mans booby trapped farmhouse resulted in a burglar's legs being shot with a shotgun . the burglar sued him and won . later , when asked if he would	booby traps are not legal . suppose the place had caught fire and a fireman entered to search for victims ?
2 that , and the concept that your rusty barn shit is worth more than someone's life . " briney would have been justified in defending himself with the shotgun if	rusty barn shit is worth more than a fucking burglars life , fuck you .

1 john lennon was not as peaceful of a man as so many believe . he was physically violent towards women , and beat his first wife , cynthia lennon	he says himself that he was angry and he changed his ways later in life . holding someone underwater for mistakes they make early in life is absurd . no
2 > every saint has a past and every sinner has a future . - oscar wilde	oscar wilde always has a relevant quotation
3 i just burnt a quiche in the oven . can i please get a relevant quote ?	" experience is one thing you can't get for nothing " - oscar wilde ... rip quiche

1 george washington outranks the entire present us military	yeah , if i remember correctly no one is allowed to outrank george washington .

1 the nazis planned to turn moscow and maybe warzaw into artificial lakes	honestly , i cannot take nazi's seriously . they're like a walking pack of saturday morning cartoon villains ...
2 " sell not virtue to purchase wealth , nor liberty to purchase power . " b . f .	" night " should be in this list ...

1 over 90 % of pregnancies in the united kingdom and europe with a diagnosis of down syndrome are terminated .	how often is a foetus mis-diagnosed with down's syndrome ? out of curiosity . i'm sure i've seen it mentioned on reddit before .

1 the infinite monkey theorem , stating that monkeys with typewriters and enough time could produce the entire works of shakespeare , has been tried out in real life . they	that sounds like me when i wrote my senior thesis .

1 bayer , famous for producing aspirin , purchased prisoners from auschwitz to test new drugs .	i find it remarkable that all these corporations the nazis used managed to rebound after the war and not only recover , but prosper . hugo boss = made nazi
2 > krups = made cannon and large guns for both world wars [ krupp ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Krupp ) , not [ krups ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Krups ) .	gee , officer krupke ... krup you !

1 samuel l . jackson held several members of the board of trustees at morehouse college hostage in a civil rights protest in 1969 .	... and a convicted felon ! cool .

1 in 2013 a heatwave of 86 ° f killed 760 people in britain .	itt : americans sit in air-conditioned buildings and gloat about their ability to withstand heat .
2 itt : a lot of american buildings ( like my house ) don't have any air conditioning , and it still gets to almost 100 , and we have to	itt : americans whose houses are designed for warm temperatures
3 itt : brits attempt to reassure themselves they aren't pussies	itt : a bunch of itts

1 oskar schindler , who saved over 1100 jews in wwii by employing them , spent all his fortune on bribes and black market purchases for his workers . after the	honestly , did you not know about him before today ? or what ? i find this incredibly hard to not know .

1 in 1965 , the city of amsterdam started the white bicycle plan that provided free public bicycles for anyone to go from place to place . within a month ,	hey look , tax money ... let's destroy it .

1 rickman has been with his first girlfriend since 1965 - when he was 19 years old	who is alan rickman ? i don't want to click the link .
2 an awesome actor . he played severius snape in the harry potter films , metatron in the movie dogma and did the voice for marvin in the hitchhiker's guide film	he was the male lead in " truly , madly , deeply " which is sort of like " ghost " but not stupid and horrible and full of offensive

1 the hindu religion states that science only offers a limited view of reality , but all it offers is right and correct , meaning that the religion by it's nature	as early as the 6th century , hindu scientists not only very accurately calculated the diameter of the earth , but predicted the heliocentric model the solar system , discovered
2 the mughals came first .	definitely true . india has had its fair share of shitty occupying empires .

1 when queen wanted to release " bohemian rhapsody " , various executives told them that a song with a length of 5 minutes and 55 seconds was too long and	back in the 90s rolling stone magazine made their ' top 500 songs of all time " list , and someone compiled it into an mp3 set . fully half

1 gay swans will form temporary threesomes with females to obtain an egg , before driving her away .	http://i.imgur.com/bcswnFL.jpg

1 in 1948 a dc radio station asked ambassadors what they'd like for christmas . the french ambassador said " world peace " , the russian said " freedom from the	did the french and russian ambassadors not realize their own countries were violent and imperialistic ?
2 all authoritarian regimes end up preaching against authoritarianism . they cast themselves as the underdog , fighting to keep the world safe and just doing what they have to do	no , they don't , and the ussr's goal was to turn the world socialist and then abolish the state
3 that was their stated goal , yes . that's called " propaganda " . you seriously think stalin wanted to abolish the state he ran ?	probably not , but the ussr isn't defined by just stalin . stalin died in the early 50 ' s . there was a period of destalinization as well .

1 in 1979 a woman jumped from the 86th floor of the empire state building , only to be blown back onto the 85th floor . her only injury was a	there is a lot of stuff going on with the 86th floor

1 light switches in new zealand , austrailia , uk , and ireland are flipped down to turn on .	old nz rotary phones had the zero at the top of the dial and the one at the bottom .

1 goldeneye 007 was developed by an inexperienced team ; eight of its ten developers had never previously worked on video games	or maybe they'd seen or played quake or duke nukem ?
2 if you were into games enough to start coding / developing , you had to be knowledgeable of games like them . doom , quake , rise of the triad	corridor 7 .. never thought id read that name on reddit

1 melinda duckett committed suicide following an interview with nancy grace regarding the disappearance of her son .	why do people watch her ? can someone please explain it to me ? i don't understand .
2 [ this is why . ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQIPmXmcQPE )	why the fuck will the new season be the last one .

1 manual gearboxes are lighter , cheaper , give better performance and fuel efficiency . they are the most common type everywhere besides north america and australia .	with newer cars , this isn't always the case . http://www.edmunds.com/fuel-economy/five-myths-about-stick-shifts.html
2 what they're neglecting to mention is a lot of those " automatic " transmissions are dual clutch transmissions . basically computer operated manuals . that's why they're getting better fuel	cvts are automatics . they are more efficient than manuals on most cars .
3 and even more depressing than a standard auto . much slower and sluggish	there is nothing inherently sluggish about a cvt . i don't know enough about the vehicles that have them currently , but you could design one tuned for power instead

1 neptune may have oceans of liquid diamond , complete with floating " diamondbergs "	diamondberg ? why not zoidberg ?

1 over 90 % of pregnancies in the united kingdom and europe with a diagnosis of down syndrome are terminated .	i feel like those who say they " really love " a person who has severe mental retardation are suffering from a type of stockholm syndrome . total slaves in
2 so i guess you don't think that people can " really love " pets either ?	an animal requires food and water in a dish , and a place to go potty . that's it . they can take care of themselves after that . such

1 patrick stewart lost his hair at 18 due to alopecia	" alopecia " is just the scientific term for baldness - anyone who loses hair has alopecia . you might as well say " he lost his childhood at 18
2 18 is super young . but try 10 . it made school really fun :/	did you lose your hair in the same balding pattern as older men do ? i'm wondering if it's just bad luck genetics wise or caused by external factors .

1 weezer's second album ' pinkerton ' was voted the 3rd worst album of the year by rolling stone readers in 1996 . six years later it was voted the 16th	god-damn you half japanese girls . you do it to me everytime . pinkerton and ween's - 12 golden country greats got me through 1996 .
2 the blonde chick said you wailed on viola .	why , that's not right . that's not right at all !

1 california produces 80 % of the world's almonds , and 100 % of the us's commercial supply .	chico , it's where the nuts come from !
2 haha , i have an uncle from chico who is an almond farmer !	drove to chico with a friend several months ago , could not believe the number of almond trees we passed on the way there !

1 wwii german ace heinrich ehrler's last words were : " theo . i have run out of ammunition . i'm going to ram this one . good bye . we'll	gotta give it to the germans , for good or ill those fuckers * commit . *
2 > commit ... genocide .	you lie , there are still tons of jews and gypsies left ...

1 the earth may have had two moons for a while	question : does the moon just slowly drift away over time , or is there a threshold which it will cross in the future that will send it flying away
2 my geology professor just mentioned something about this the other day . apparently over the past couple billion years the moon has gradually gotten further way and will continue to	indeed ! at a rate of four inches a year . soon ( thousands or millions of years ) , we won't have a solar eclipse .
3 i read somewhere that it only moves away ~ 38 millimeters each year . ill look for a source . source was found . was a post on a tvtropes	i'm going to trust you on this more than i can , because your data is better backed up .

1 in 1987 , a prison inmate broke a glass partition and knocked out the lights in a visitation area to have sex with a woman who was visiting him .	some times you will do anything to get that nut . i take my hat off to you , you glorious son of a bitch .

1 sean bean , elijah wood , sean astin , orlando bloom , billy boyd , ian mckellen , john rhys-davies , dominic monaghan and viggo mortensen all have the word	> bean's well-known fear of flying , with helicopters , caused him difficulties in mountainous new zealand , where the trilogy was filmed . after a particularly rough ride ,
2 > fear of flying i wonder how he * got * to nz ?	he doesn't have a fear of flying .. he has a fear of those crappy mini-helicopters they used to get around on location . i don't blame him , personally

1 " to learn who rules over you , simply find out who you are not allowed to criticize . " is not a quote from voltaire . it comes from	and stalin increased the literacy rate of the soviet peasantry from the low 30 ' s to like 99 % . no one is 100 % good , 100 %
2 / r / politics would like a word	it's fun to remind them that ted cruz graduated from harvard law

1 : johnny knoxville comes from significant inbreeding .	how many ' family member ' + ' family member ' breedings must occur before insignificant inbreeding flowers into significant inbreeding ?
2 fun fact , there's an equation where you can determine one's ' coefficient of inbreeding ' mathematically ( source : [ here ] ( http://www.genetic-genealogy.co.uk/Toc115570144.html ) ) i believe a	1/16 is the siginificant amount i think when finding out what your background is , for instance iirc 1/16 is what is needed to apply for racially significant grants for

1 benjamin guggenheim , heir to mining magnate meyer guggenheim , dressed in his finest suit , had a glass of brandy and smoked a cigar as the titanic sank .	haha , he could have also said : " tell my wife i gallantly escorted my mistress , the one i took on this romantic trip instead of you ,
2 maybe he was in an open relationship and had permission to have floozies ?	or it was just the early 1900s and he was rich .
3 trophy wives at that level are anything but stupid . they understand the game and the realities .	when did i say she was stupid ? i'd fuck an older lady for a life of luxury . in fact , i'm kind of into that .

1 cake's newest album was recorded in a solar powered studio that the band built themselves .	does this count as / r / hailcorporate-ing ?

1 helena bonham carter's maternal grandfather saved thousands of jews from the holocaust during world war ii	and that explains why she has a film career .

1 " cynical " and " canine " come from the same greek word " kynikos " meaning " dog-like "	hence diogenes the cynic .

1 after the titanic sank , the families of the band members were billed by white star line for the cost of the uniforms worn as the band members died .	that's some cold shit .

1 according to " the simpsons " director of animation ( david silverman ) , the city of springfield is located in the fictional state of " north takoma " .	according to matt groening , springfield is located in oregon . http://www.usmagazine.com/entertainment/news/the-simpsons-matt-groening-reveals-springfields-state-oregon-2012114
2 he went to school in eugene , right next to springfield . his mother was a librarian there for years . he also lived in beaverton or , and nearby	nike shoes !

1 häagen-dazs doesn't mean anything ; the name originated when the founder sat at his kitchen table for hours streaming together nonsensical scandinavian sounding words .	repost - guy that has memorized the internet

1 in 2004 , pizza hut fired a delivery driver who shot and killed a robber while on the job .	it's the standard that the guidelines to delivery drivers that if they are confronted then just give up everything . if they shoot they will be fired .
2 i worked with this gentleman at his next job ( pizza magia ) where he also carried a firearm . he wasn't specifically fired for carrying a firearm on the	there's a saying you'll hear sometimes : " i'd rather be judged by twelve than carried by six "

1 one of the originally pitched names for hannah montana was alexis texas .	i guess it beats " lovetofuckie kentucky "

1 : the movie " cabin in the woods " was suppose to have a tie-in with the game left 4 dead , and even had the game's special infected hidden	i went into this movie expecting a generic evil dead-esque horror film . i was very surprised by how good and meta the film became .
2 i wish i could have done the same but i completely ignored it until i heard about the facility that controlled it	i didn't know anything about it other than joss whedon and how everyone - - even people like my mom , who never watches horror movies - - kept telling

1 mussolini was expelled from school for stabbing another boy , and for throwing an inkpot at a teacher	obvious german op is obvious .

1 idiocracy's premise that iq is declining because lower iq people are having more kids was the basis for numerous policy recommendations in the bell curve ( 1994 ) to prevent	why come you don't have a tattoo ?

1 : when railway tycoon george pullman died in 1897 , his family was so afraid that his corpse would be desecrated by employees , they buried him at night in	why does this til make me think of the movie , " sexy beast " ?

1 although pancreatic cancer is usually deadly , steve jobs had the one variety that's curable . but for nine months , he refused treatment and instead tried a vegan diet	his greatest strength was also hi greatest weekends . the man committed to an idea .

1 today i learned that the price of admission for a zoo in 18th century england was a dog or a cat - - they were fed to the lions .	" in 1682 , for instance , the ambassador of persia enjoyed the spectacle of a fight to the death between a royal tiger and an elephant . " doesn't
2 1 on 1 elephant trumps tiger every time . that should read " in 1682 , for instance , the ambassador of persia enjoyed the spectacle of an elephant killing	the tiger also trumps the lion

1 a woman named chante mallard hit a homeless man with her car , sending him through her windshield . she drove home , parked her car in her garage &	despicable cunt .

1 shooting on " no country for old men " had to be shut down because of the smoke clouds drifting over from the nearby set of " there will be	i was across the street eating at carl's jr when they were filming the motel scenes for no country for old men .

1 the male angler fish exists solely to find a female and fuse his body with hers .	sounds like my roommate

1 wal-mart was founded with the intention of selling american-made products at foreign made prices .	i remember when wal-mart boasted about how they don't advertise , to bring the cost savings to their customers . then they started doing them in the 90 ' s

1 valerian is a powerful cat attractant , and i learned this when i had to peel my tripping cat off the curtains after she found my stress relief pills .	im tempted to give my valerian pills to my cat now .

1 in 1944 the british submitted a full plan to kill hitler during one of his routine , solitary walks . it was never carried out because he was such a	hmmm . so he was a poor strategist , but just a really convincing public speaker ?
2 have you ever seen any of his [ speeches ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=syI_B8a5IV4 ) . you don't necessarily have to have skills . think as him as a really successful salesperson	he did more with his life than anyone reading this . he grew up to be somebody .

1 mark wahlberg had committed 20-25 offenses by the age of 21 . these included throwing rocks at a bus full of black schoolchildren and knocking a vietnamese man unconscious and	to me , and i'm not sure if he's done this or not , but if he didn't demonstrate remorse , or compensate the people who he fucked up ...
2 the downside there though , is if he gave anyone a single cent , it would be viewed as an admission of guilt , and they could go after him	no , just no

1 until recently the navy communicated in all caps	caps lock is cruise control for cool .

1 seth rogen paid the bills and was the main wage earner of the family by the age of 16	reading about his life sounds like his family was never very concerned about having enough , as shown by seth regularly attending summer camp , going to private schools ,
2 " radical jewish socialists "	all i can see in my head is a hasidic jew in costume surfing and giving a shaka sign .
3 " in costume " looool . that ' s how i'm referring to all religious garb now . " did anyone see the new pope costume ? how sick was	well what would you call it ? it wouldnt be a habit , unless that transcends sisterhood .

1 in ancient times , lemon halves were used as female contraceptives	soon enough this will be the only option available in red states ...

1 irish people were also enslaved in the americas	how did you just learn this today ?
2 i knew blacks owned slaves in america , but when i was doing my cap stone on rice in sc i found several books dedicated to this concept that just	african's enslaved other african's for centuries

1 the hunger games has striking similarities to the 2000 japanese film battle royale , enough to be called ' a boldface ripoff ' . also , quentin tarantino has called	the whole internet has been bitching about this for over a year .

1 the parents in ferris buellers day off met onset and actually got married after filming .	rooney eats it !

1 a pair of identical twins got away with a jewel heist because it could not be determined which one left behind dna at the crime scene .	damn you sopa ! i can't read about it for 24 hours !
2 hit esc right before the black screen shows up .	ah lifesaver !

1 in 1979 , elvita adams jumped from the 86th floor of the empire state building in an attempted suicide , only to be blown back onto the 85th floor by	pretty embarrassing to fuck up something so simple

1 william shatner is currently working on a space themed heavy metal album featuring peter frampton and brian may	shut up and take my money . i agree ... thats not very metal though .

1 trickle-down economics used to be known as the " horse and sparrow " theory based on the idea that if you feed the horse enough oats , some will pass	my grandfather doesn't need any more reasons to hate president regan , but dammit i'm gonna try anyway .

1 the snl jeopardy sketch was created by norm macdonald purely so that he could show off his burt reynolds impression .	so what's the story with him getting fired from snl ?
2 the head of nbc was a friend of oj simpson's and got mad at norm for making fun of oj . like he does here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1fuoa9QBkMM	" so it's finally official , murder is legal in the state of california . "
3 haha . my favorite norm joke about oj is [ this one ] ( https://youtu.be/2mhUIIhcTb8?t=7m51s ) .	you know you nailed it when half the audience laughs and the other half is in shock . sorry gang , truth hurts .

1 there is an epsiode of family guy that fox has not allowed to air in the united states becuase it centers around lois's decision to have an abortion	fox =/ fox news
2 did anyone say it was ?	[ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/19biq1/til_there_is_an_epsiode_of_family_guy_that_fox/c8mthy3 )

1 street fighter ii in 1993 eclipsed sales of call of duty in 2011 ( adjusted for inflation )	bought that for like 80 bux back in the day . money well spent . the store had people playing it and the place was like busier than black friday

1 robin williams attended juilliard but dropped out his junior year because his teacher , a renowned actor / producer , told him that there was nothing that he could learn	even so , why would you throw away 3 years of work ? why not tough it out for the last year and some change to get that degree ?
2 for real . getting a degree definitely isn't only about the knowledge gained , it has a lot to do with that little piece of paper that proves your competency	except that if your chosen field is acting , don't you already know that a large number of the people in your chosen field got there without that piece of
3 if you have two resumes , both are virtually identical except one says julliard , you think that wouldn't factor in ?	if he spent those last 2 years working as an actor rather than studying there , then that would be superior .

1 a 10th - century arab explorer in russia witnessed a viking funeral rite in which a slave girl had sex with each of the tribe's warriors before they ritualistically sacrificed	i believe the words are : raped and killed
2 nice inflammatory exaggeration about something you don't actually know anything about .	there's a weirdly huge amount of norse experts in this thread .

1 emma stone's low-pitched husky voice is a result of having baby colic , a condition of constant screaming as an infant .	> she began dating actor andrew garfield after meeting him on the set of the amazing spider-man . til my dreams have been crushed .
2 god damn . it's like when the really nice girl you have the biggest crush on finally finds a boyfriend ... and they're perfect for each other ...	i mean , he's got an english accent . how do you fight that ?
3 woah woah woah back the fuck up . having an english accent is good in america ? do i need to move there ?	as long as you're not a brummie or a scouser . it's not really the same then ..

1 cartoon network and adult swim are considered by nielsen to be entirely separate networks for ratings purposes .	adult swim should be it's own channel . omg 24 hours of adult swim would be the bestest thing ever ! ! !

1 licking your lips makes it hurt worse because digestive enzymes in your saliva irritate them .	> nasal sebum may also be used as a remedy . hmm .
2 i wish i hadn't read the nasal sebum article . & #3232 ;\ _ & #3232 ;	why , i found it to be awesome .

1 the pc game tie fighter , primarily a space combat simulator , enjoyed a remarkably positive critical reception after its 1994 release , as well as garnering acclaim in more	that's because it was and is the best star wars game ever made
2 i loved and played the shit out of tie fighter but nothing will ever touch jedi knight for me .	jk2 multiplayer was my life .
3 agreed , jk2 multiplayer was great . the duels , the mutual respect . i loved it .	shitting on red style noobs was always fun . also the yearlong pain in trying to find out how the hell everyone else wrote in colored letter . ... and

1 radical british islamist preacher anjem " andy " choudary failed his first year university exams due to excessive partying .	is anyone else getting tired of these posts ?

1 when lawyer jack thompson found out you can kiss other guys in the t-rated game bully , he wrote a letter to the esrb about it saying " good luck	are there lawyers who play games just to see if they can sue the creators ?

1 lego has no military related sets because the inventor's policy was to not want to make war seem like child's play	because everyone's commenting on the nazis in the indy sets or the star wars sets and whatnot , but not actually reading the link , here : > while there
2 how is a castle theme not a military theme ? that's like having a pentagon theme and saying that's not military . they're both defensive military structures . also ,	but there are no recruiting offices for pirates . this is the difference .

1 : to demonstrate his skill to the pope giotto drew only a circle . it was so perfect that it seemed drawn using a compass	please use punctuation . it makes reading the title more difficult to understand than necessary . edit : adjusting my cap letters . ( yes , i realise the irony
2 please use capitals . it makes the comment appear to not have been written by an infant .	capitols *
3 * capitells	* khyapyetyeilsh

1 confederate cavalry general nathan bedford forrest was the first grand wizard of the ku klux klan . he quit the group less than two years later . in 1875 he	say what you will about the kkk , but damn do they not have awesome titles ?

1 no physical clone trooper armor was ever produced for star wars prequels . every clone trooper was cgi .	itt : people parroting redlettermedia
2 some parts are just too good not to talk about . http://i.imgur.com/pQjgUNX.jpg	thats beautiful man

1 ac milan said goodbye to this starting 11 this summer : roma ( gk ) , zambrotta , nesta , t . silva , oddo ( d ) , van	they signed montolivo though , the guy is imo going to be one of the best midfielders in the world in a couple of years .
2 in a couple of years he's gonna be 30 years old :) and no , he's not gonna be one of the best midfielders but hey , we didn't pay	sober reaction , i like it . montolivo was always over hyped , i thought . he might be able to help milan's midfield but he's more of a stop

1 the time machine in ' back to the future ' was originally a refridgerator , but was changed since they were concerned kids would lock themselves inside	they obviously weren't concerned anyone would lock themselves in a delorean ...

1 when rupert grint got his driver's license , he bought an ice cream truck to fulfill a childhood desire and gives out free ice cream to children .	gingers will do * anything * to be liked .
2 no we wont . fuck you . there .	seriously , i'm so tired of these " gingers are all like this , gingers are all like that . " we're conscious beings as well . discriminating against us

1 ace ventura , the mask and dumb and dumber are all movies released in 1994 .	ah , 1994 , the year where jim carrey's face was plastered over everything .

1 the macaronis were young english men who adopted feminine mannerisms and highly extravagant attire . they were members of the macaroni club , and wore a feather in their hats	they were gays ... l guess .
2 no , they were " handy " with the girls , so they were just overly fancy in their dress . pretty rich coming from an army dressed in red	yankee doodle was a country bumpkin . stuck a feather in his hat and he thought that made him as foppish as the gentlemen in england at the time .

1 3 years after illegally joining the marines at the age of 14 , jacklyn lucas snuck onto a ship bound for iwo jima , stormed the beach without a rifle	successful leeroy jenkins

1 actor cillian murphy converted to atheism after researching his role as a nuclear physicist in the sci-fi film " sunshine "	atheism is a lack of a belief ; not a belief in itself . you cannot ' convert ' to it . you accept it .
2 no it's not . atheism is the belief in the lack of . lack of belief is agnosticism .	uhh , that is completely wrong . agnosticism is simply related to the lack of ' knowing ' . atheism is related to lack of belief in god .

1 coca-cola thinks " no consumer could reasonably be misled into thinking vitaminwater was a healthy beverage "	how is vitamin water any worse than juice ?
2 what kind of juice are you talking about ? if it contains added sugars probably not ... but if its organic 100 % fruit juice then its healthy as fuck	if by healthy as fuck " you mean high in sugar content then you are correct . most real juice has more calories than vitaminwater . tl ;D r learn
3 the saddest thing about mainstream american diet mantra is that more calories is somehow bad for you ... if food didn't have calories ... it wouldn't be food . its	does the corn syrup witch fly on around on a toxic inflammatory broom ?

1 it is a requirement for british tanks to have a kettle onboard for brewing tea .	it isn't just for tea though , is it ? read on .

1 gillette and schick own duracell and energizer and created powered safety razors to increase battery sales . claims of a better shave were labeled " unsubstantiated and inaccurate " by	well technically both set of products are owned by their respective holding company , gillette doesn't own duracell , schick doesn't own energizer . however proctor and gamble own duracell
2 as someone who is familiar with the inner workings of p & g , the relationship is much more intimate than a simple holding company .	i imagine that they have shaving wizards that work there . like literal wizards in blue robes that design new razors . probably no beards because of the razors .

1 nick offerman ( ron swanson ) from parks and recreation is actually a skilled carpenter with his own workshop . he's also married to the actor portraying his ex-wife on	he also puts on a hell of a live show . if you ever get the chance to see him , i highly recommend it . he even calls out

1 after hurricane ike in 2008 , comcast customers were billed for unreturned equipment that had been destroyed by the hurricane . customers were charged as much as $ 1000 for	comcast is such a cunt .

1 nokia made a handheld game console in 2003 , the n-gage . in the first two weeks , nokia claimed to have sold 400,000 units , but researchers later found	ah , the old sony ^ ( shipped / sales ) switcheroo .

1 necrophilia and sex with corpses is perfectly legal in most states	the act itself is not illegal , but touching and interacting with a dead body is in most states . desecration of a human corpse is the charge , and
2 barbarians ! truly civilized states use letters , not numbers , to differentiate felony levels . it's a class e felony in my state .	we're not a state , we're a commonwealth .

1 guillermo del toro and hbo are collaborating to come out with a pilot for a live-action tv series based on monster ( anime ) and producer stephen thompson ( doctor	well , i have another anime to add to my list .

1 speedy gonzales was banned by cartoon network for being an offensive stereotype , only to be returned after mass protest by the hispanic-american community .	i don't exactly see how speedy gonzales was " offensive " . it seems like simply portraying something anywhere near a stereotype will get people screaming " offensive ! ban

1 pope john paul ii entered and prayed in a mosque , and even kissed the qur'an , in an effort to improve religious relations with islam .	you gotta admit , even though christians have done a lot of bad things , pope john paul the 2nd is probably the best pope and a ggg .
2 when jpii died the catholics where i work , took a few minutes to gather and prayed , it was really sweet .	when jpii died all polish people cried and prayed . he is the definition of a good catholic person and most defiantly become a saint .
3 > most defiantly become a saint " look , jpii , i'm afraid you can't become a saint yet , you have to have like a few more miracles attributed	to be fair , many people got promoted to saints for doing fuck-all .

1 eight of the july 20th , 1944 conspirators to assassinate hitler were punished so severely , that they were slowly strangled with piano wire and revived multiple times only to	hitler was a jerk . yeah , i said it .
2 too soon	too late . somebody made that joke hours ago .

1 the u . s . does not use bills over $ 100 because president nixon wanted to make it harder to move large amounts of money across borders for drug	he was trying to remove competition for the cia . good ol nixon

1 it is illegal in many countries to perform surgical procedures on an octopus without anesthesia due to their intelligence	and yet people eat them while they are alive .
2 * what ? * i'd never heard of that before . that's disgusting . morally and viscerally .	it's a [ great big ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yejxm2QX_KY ) world [ we live in ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oNy8MUPOAtQ )
3 i hunt . i shoot and skin deer . but i don't know if i could sit there and cook an animal while it's still fucking live . i wouldn't	see , people say that , but in our culture we cook lobsters live . i've even seen chefs just chop them in half live . so i dunno ,

1 james watson , co-discoverer of dna is in favour of discriminating based on race " [ i am ] inherently gloomy about the prospect of africa [ because ] all	i know i am going to be modded to shit for this - - but can we evaluate that statement on it's scientific truth as opposed to how we'd like
2 according to evolution , this is a valid argument . populations that develop in different places develop different attributes , especially if isolated for extended periods of time . in	there's little to suggest that is due to genetics , though . malnourishment , lack of educational infrastructure , cultural bias against education ... these all seem a lot more

1 the crown princess of the netherlands goes to a public school .	there is a title ' the princess of orange '

1 eli manning is the only current quarterback to have had a game with a perfect passer rating , and another game with a passer rating of zero	can't say i'm a giants fan but eli is my hero for taking those two superbowls from thomas .
2 it took me a good 30 seconds to figure out who the hell thomas is .	i do feel bad for wesley though after that last one . i think william was too hard on him after that .

1 a german study found women cry on average between 30 and 64 times a year , and men cry on average between 6 and 17 times per year .	i think that the last time i cried was when wreck-it ralph smashed that " car . " i know that to those who haven't seen the film it sounds

1 the united states has 16 separate intelligence agencies .	you'll notice that 8 of them are in the dod , including the ns-fucking-a , and rumsfeld dodged a question back in the day , saying he wasn't in the

1 the 1937 best supporting actress oscar went to alice brady for her role in in old chicago , but she couldn't attend the ceremony , so a man walked up	what a dick . unless he was in a car accident or something afterwards and was killed and the oscar was lost in the chaos . if that didn't happen

1 a banana is a berry	also , strawberries are not actually berries .
2 yes , they are ~ ~ drupes ~ ~ aggregated accessory fruits . edit : peaches are drupes as well as almonds , apricots , cherries , ect . because	you're a drupe .

1 pro basketball player latrell sprewell's career ended when he refused a $ 21 - million three-year contract offer from the timberwolves , which he implied would not be enough to	the man did have ' spinners ' on his sneakers , that shit don't come cheap .

1 there is a ship with 165 private residences on board which travels the world .	i wonder what these people do for a living that allows them to live on a cruise .

1 i have experienced " sleep paralysis " , otherwise known as " holy shit i'm paralyzed on my bed and i'm hallucinating . "	i've had it once . it was less than fun , even though i was aware of what it was to some degree while it was happening .

1 the last duel in canada was between two men who were so terrified of dueling , one fainted and the other was seized by horror . the guns were also	this makes me proud to be canadian for some reason ! ( sorry )

1 christopher nolan's interstellar is the only film in the top 10 worldwide box office of 2014 to be wholly original--not a reboot , remake , sequel , or part of	looks like that's been true for four years straight with the exceptions of frozen and gravity last year : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2013_in_film http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2012_in_film http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_in_film
2 frozen is an adaptation of a fairytale .	sure , but i'll give it the benefit of falling outside of the extent of the headline's ( questionable ) definition of the amorphous term " wholly original " :

1 mango plants are pretty much poison ivy with bits of deliciousness attached .	i have two mango trees at my house . i can confirm it causes the same rash ... and so does my grass which also contains the same chemical .

1 guantanamo bay has a mcdonalds .	do they give prisoners " mcribs " as a form of enhanced interrogation ?

1 titanic's fourth funnel was fake , added to make the ship look more powerful ( and symmetrical ) . a bit like putting a dummy exhaust on a car .	this was specifically mentioned in a night to remember . when the ship tilted up , that funnel broke loose and fell on some people .

1 on september 4 , 2008 , the mexican supreme court of justice ruled that wal-mart de mexico , the mexican subsidiary of wal-mart , must cease paying its employees in	reminds me of a book from a series of unfortunate events where all employees were paid in coupons .
2 that was an actual issue during the industrial revolution , where employees would sometimes live in a town so small that a single factory employed everyone . they would be	but i thought emplyoer and employee had the exact same standing and the free market would solve everything and then happiness would trickle down on everybody ?

1 there are more slaves now than at any point in history , even though slavery is illegal in all countries .	more slaves , more shit getting done ?

1 heroin derives its name from " heroic " , as it was originally marketed as a non-addictive wonder cure to morphine addiction	actually the word heroin existed before the drug , except with an ' e ' at the end ... it's the feminine of hero ( and technically all those words

1 during the 8th century , it was forbidden to depict the family christ and art depicting jesus or god was destroyed .	i don't think the images would be a problem if they didn't pray to them .

1 most languages name the game of chess after their word for " check "	in russian the name loosely translates to checksandmates

1 howard stern ran for governor of new york in 1994 promising to limit road work to night hours . he eventually withdrew , but later that year , the howard	just drive through queens , saw roadwork being done . must be an emergency .
2 last time i was down there the whole cross-bronx was an emergency , but they weren't doing anything about it .	the bqe isn't much better .
3 the bqe has been under construction forever . i don't think i've ever driven through it and it didn't have any road work being done to it .	job security

1 nokia made a handheld game console in 2003 , the n-gage . in the first two weeks , nokia claimed to have sold 400,000 units , but researchers later found	i bought one

1 j . r . r . tolkien created the words " dwarvish " and " dwarves " , countering the spelling at the time of the books publication which was	i prefer " dwarven " to " dwarvish " .
2 dwarven is the adjective used to describe something pertaining to dwarves . dwarvish is the language that the dwarves of tolkein's world speak . dwarvish is the dwarven language .	in the hobbit , bilbo complained about ' this dwarvish racket ! ' .
3 so what's wrong with that ? if the dwarves were being all speaking loudly at the same time , that'd be a dwarvish racket .	yes , just not a ' dwarven racket ' .

1 john c . mcginley ( the actor who played dr . cox in scrubs ) uses girl names to refer to all his real friends . he also uses cox	i spent a few minutes looking through his stuff ... and [ til that john c . mcginley has appeared on american gladiators ] ( http://tedroden.tumblr.com/post/60619081/i-was-watching-reruns-of-the-original-american ) ...
2 he was up against dean cain . i remember mcginley demolishing him in pretty much every event . i couldn't believe the guy was so fit .	season 7 , episode 21 . i found all the info for it , but the internet is not yielding many vids . there's a clip of dean cain doing

1 a monument marking where captain james cook was killed in hawaii , and about 25 square feet of land around it , is owned by the united kingdom .	hawaiian natives hate tourists .
2 wow , they dislike tourists just like everyone else . so special .	it's a joke . native hawaiians stereotypically hate tourists and back in the day they killed their first " tourist " captain cook .

1 jason lee divorced , and cut off all contact with , his first wife after she read an anti-scientology book	really , your " gods ' " name is l . ron . sounds legit ! ! sounds like a pimp
2 > really , your " gods ' " name is l . ron . for a long time , i thought his name was elron . elron hubbard ...	you mean i got a name of a " person " in a " religion " i could care less about wrong . no idea how that happened

1 kentucky has more barrels of borboun than people .	bourbon .

1 a chernobyl fireman who claimed they didn't know that the chernobyl meltdown flames were radioactive , 20 years later said " of course we knew ! if we'd followed regulations	> * the bubbler pool could be drained by opening its sluice gates . volunteers in diving suits entered the radioactive water and managed to open the gates . these
2 and they died for it shortly after . this disaster is probably not unresponsible for the fall of the soviet union given how much it cost them .	fall of ussr and the chernobyl disaster ? i never heard this connection before . can someone elaborate ?

1 china has a law that requires every citizen over the age of 11 to plant at least one tree per year . as a result , china currently has the	way to go china ! minus the whole one child policy and mobile execution vans . teehee .

1 during the cia's experiments in brainwashing / mind control , a mental health patient was subjected to a 174 day acid trip .	and they say the nazis were bad .

1 " danger zone " was originally going to be sung by the band ' toto ' , but arguments with the band's lawyers prevented this . bryan adams and reo	so op also played the gta heists ?
2 not yet , servers are facked .	oh ok ... spoiler alert ! ! ! ( more or less ... ) this song is what one of the setup missions kind of ends with . * *

1 during an underground nuclear test in 1957 , the cap on top of the shaft was blasted into the air at about 66 km / s . it is believed	fastest manmade object ever recorded ...

1 feynman used a nude bar as an office and was the only visitor with the balls to defend it in court	feynman had an iq of only 126 .
2 tyl iq =/ = intelligence . he was a magician , and if you've read the book you'll know why .	well , i've known that for quite some time . this just provides a rather striking example .

1 some game companies made the game harder if it was pirated rather than implementing drm	i like it . some games are too easy . there should be an option to activate the anti-warez on a legit copy . ( other than getting the warez
2 i havent played far cry 3 yet but that sounds fucking awesome , i wish there was something similar for the original crysis to make it even harder .	all these things are not in far cry 3 , that's why i wish there was this anti-warez for fc3 .

1 in 1996 , bear grylls broke his back after falling 16 ' 000ft when his parachute ripped . two years later he climbed to the summit of mt . everest	damn how'd the dude not die from falling 16k feet ?
2 he got super close ... 2mm from deadly injury . he's a lucky bastard .	wow ! wonder if he would have survived from 16,000 feet and 1mm then . crazy shit !

1 when roosevelt invited booker t . washington to the white house , senator benjamin tillman said " the action of president roosevelt in entertaining that nigger will necessitate our killing	also helped found clemson university .

1 breyer's no longer makes ice cream . their products are labeled as " frozen dairy dessert " , since they don't contain enough milk and cream to be legally labeled	not totally true ! they did switch a bunch of their products since unilever bought them , but they definitely still have at least one line of real deal ice

1 shakira was banned from her school choir because her music teacher didn ’ t think she could sing and ' sounded like a goat '	shakira had a well-trained music teacher . edit : thank you for the gold , kind stranger ! i am eternally grateful ! :)
2 music executives are * not * well-trained music teachers .	wiggling your ass really fast = singing

1 the county of los angeles in california asked for computer manufacturers to stop using " master " and " slave " terminology because it was politically incorrect .	ahhh , political correctness taken too far . is anyone actuality surprised that this occurred in the state of commiefornia ?
2 commiefornia ? what are you , 12 ? learn some nuance .	nice " mature " rebuttal there yourself . there are so many left leaning people in that state that it's scary . sorry if i offended you , but you

1 sean bean , elijah wood , sean astin , orlando bloom , billy boyd , ian mckellen , john rhys-davies , dominic monaghan and viggo mortensen all have the word	ctrl f " old " ctrl f " repost " - found what i needed . upvoted accordingly .

1 the east german secret police would mess with targets psychologically by sending a vibrator to the targets spouse	i got to go to a stasi museum in berlin and let me tell you , that's just the tip of the iceberg as to the kind of shit they

1 for the film dogma , kevin smith warned jason mewes that he needed to be on point due to the involvement of " real actors , " such as alan	that's a friend right there .

1 carl sagan coauthored a book arguing that the theory of ancient civilizations being contacted by advanced extraterrestrials should be seriously considered .	i too believe in stargate-sg 1 .

1 a man in nebraska is breeding red cows and sending them to israel in hopes of a pure red heifer being born there ; such an event will allegedly prompt	i hope the guy doing it isn't religious at all , just so when the cow is born and nothing happens he can give a good " ha ha !

1 elvis presley flew to denver and back one night just to pick up a fool's gold loaf : an 8,000 calorie sandwich made from a hollowed out loaf filled with	" david alder's book contains a detailed account of the event that made both elvis and the fool's gold loaf sandwich famous . " i mean ... i'm fairly sure
2 did he do something else ? i've only heard of him in regards to sandwiches .	i believe he also did some karate .
3 " it's called karate , man . only two kinds of people know it , the chinese and the king . and one of them is me . "	i can see through walls , boys . and that ain't no lie .

1 kinder suprise candys are illegal in the united states	i have eaten so many of those . they are so good !

1 after being caught by casino bigwigs and prosecuted in court the hyland card-counting team were acquitted of cheating after the judge found card-counting " was not cheating but merely the	card counting has never been cheating . casinos don't even acknowledge it as cheating . however , it puts them at a disadvantage , so they prohibit it .

1 over 90 % of pregnancies in the united kingdom and europe with a diagnosis of down syndrome are terminated .	i've never seen so much gold given out in one comment thread in my entire time on reddit .

1 when the vanessa williams miss america scandal was breaking , hugh hefner was offered the nude photos . he turned them down saying " there was never any question of	good guy hef

1 for one day in 1940 a section of a hospital in ottawa , canada became international territory so a dutch princess could be born a full dutch citizen ( a	i love when this subreddit has information that i've known since i was a kid . growing up in ottawa everyone hears this story around the time of the tulip

1 false copies of the game cross days were spread on the internet and contained a virus that would ask the user for personal information before posting their browsing history to	yeah , that is in no way legal .
2 if it was detailed in the eula , it became legal as soon as the user clicked " accept " .	just signing something doesnt mean the contract will hold up under judicial scrutiny .

1 mr rogers testified before the supreme court defending the position that home recordings for personal use do not constitute copyright infringement	he's great , but the manner in which tv made money back then and now is very different .

1 in the us , drying laundry on a line is seen as a sign of poverty rather than common sense	i am amazed that people here are complaining about dirt on line-dried clothes . i always hang my clothes to dry , because i think dryers are hugely wasteful of
2 what if you have seasonal allergies ? isn't there shit in the air that i wouldn't want on my clothes ?	hayfever sufferer here - never bothered me .

1 in 1994 crayola release scented crayons but had to retire the food scented ones after a year because parents complained that they " smelled good enought to eat "	in all fairness , i can understand the parent's logic . young children are the target audience for crayola crayons and they often don't know any better .
2 i actually grew up with these markers . they actually smelled amazing , and i almost * did * try and eat them a few times , since smell usually	that rule goes for all humans , not just kids . that's why meat smells good and shit smells bad .

1 during the chernobyl , three engineers volunteered to dive into a pool of radioactive hydrogen peroxide with no working flashlights and open a pipe to stop the reactor from exploding	true heroes
2 the words hero and brave are bandied around far too often , this is the time when they should be . these men did something to save millions of others	exactly my thoughts

1 the entire goldeneye 007 game on n64 is only 12 mb .	and only has one programmer listed in the credits . one .

1 chris paul , one day after his 61 year-old grandfather was murdered , scored 61 points in a high school basketball game , intentionally missed a free throw , and	[ great video on this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IuMPVq2YzTk ) edit : this is a repost that hit the frontpage not even a month ago
2 i've never heard of chris paul , but i like him now .	if you watched basketball , you wouldn't . dude is a flopper to the max .

1 there is a deleted scene in the fly where seth brundle uses the telepods to fuse a baboon and a cat together , and then beats the fused creature to	well that plot synopsis was a rollercoaster of emotion .

1 james watson , co-discoverer of dna is in favour of discriminating based on race " [ i am ] inherently gloomy about the prospect of africa [ because ] all	i know i am going to be modded to shit for this - - but can we evaluate that statement on it's scientific truth as opposed to how we'd like
2 according to evolution , this is a valid argument . populations that develop in different places develop different attributes , especially if isolated for extended periods of time . in	fortunately humanity has discarded evolving like that .

1 : in 1778 george washington celebrated independence day by giving his soldiers a double ration of rum .	how very british of him !

1 the original price is right gave a contestant a real elephant as a gag prize , and planned later to give the winner $ 4,000 instead . the winner complained	my first thought was if that simpsons episode was based off this and it looks like it was . neat tidbit
2 no , / u / piggydog just saw the [ simpsons facts post on the front page ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/interestingasfuck/comments/2reik0/interesting_facts_about_the_simpsons/ ) and decided to make this til post for that	hahah i saw that post too . silly op is a whore for the karma .

1 the four vultures in disney's the jungle book were both designed after and originally supposed to be voiced by the beatles .	it's not clear how far along the idea of using the real beatles ever got . supposedly john lennon flatly refused . http://www.telegraph.co.uk/culture/film/10202873/The-Jungle-Book-the-making-of-Disneys-most-troubled-film.html

1 jacklyn h . lucas , who joined the marines when he was 14 , stormed iwo jima when he was 17 , and is one of the few people in	how the hell does a 14 year old finish marine corps basic ?

1 the town of harrogate , uk has been ranked as the highest per capita hazardous drinkers and pornography watchers in britain , but also the happiest .	correlation does not imply causation , but i think here it's no coincidence
2 as xkcd puts it : > correlation doesn't imply causation , but it does waggle its eyebrows suggestively and gesture furtively while mouthing ' look over there ' .	that is a discworld-esque line if i ever heard one .

1 the pilot episode of lost was so expensive ( ~ $ 14million ) that the network president was fired for greenlighting it .	that's one reason why pilots are usually so bad compared to the actual show : low production values .
2 my question is ... do they even consider re-hiring the guy ? i mean he obviously made the right move or do they have so much " pride " ,	would you want to be re-hired by the guys that fired you for knowing better than them ?

1 during argentina's dictatorship , opponents to the regime were drugged , flown out over the atlantic , and pushed out of planes alive with weights attached to their feet so	did anyone else find it particularly scary that the usa is on the list of countries ?

1 the pirate bay tried buying their own island in hopes of making their own country with no copyright laws .	they make that much money from those porn ads ?

1 the flavour " blackcurrant " is largely unknown to people in the united states , due to a ban on the berry in the early 1900s .	for the first time after reading a til , i'm genuinely amazed . americans don't have blackcurrants ? ! how can a civilised society exist without ribena ?
2 i can't fathom how a civilised society can exist without ribena , if america doesn't have marmite either i'm going to have to scratch it off my places to go	http://i.imgur.com/er3ChOs.jpg you just need to know where to look ... and pay more .
3 isn't ketchup supposed to be refrigerated ?	diners for years have it on the table . it's probably the vinegar .

1 it took 10 episodes for producers to realize the mighty morphing power rangers colors might be considered racist	in all seriousness , why is this racist ? i get that the suit choices were intentional based on notions of skin color , but it is not like the
2 exactly . if power rangers was racist , what was captain planet ?	captain planet , formerly a lieutenant commander on the ncc - 1701 - d , was a kind man who spent his youth teaching children the joy of reading until
3 cut that out , someone's going to believe you	nope , sorry , it's canon now . remember the episode when captain planet took on the borg and saved the 31st century ? that was fucking amazing .

1 poet stanislaw jerzy lec survived a german concentration camp by killing his guard with a shovel that was given to him to dig his own grave - and then escaping	stanislaw . the one true king of westeros .

1 ellen degeneres was cast as dory in finding nemo when the director , andrew stanton , watched her ' change the subject 5 times before finishing the sentence ' in	my girlfriend is ellen degeneres .
2 portia di rossi posts on reddit	and has memory like dory

1 iceland gets 100 % of its energy from renewable sources .	this is false . all of their vehicles and agriculture uses fossil fuels still .

1 neil armstrong once sued his barber of 20 years after he sold his hair to a collector for $ 3,000	seriously ? who cares , everyone made money and no one lost anything .

1 the us navy has been trying to give away an experimental stealth ship since 2006 ... still no takers	just give it away . ill take it

1 before google launched gmail , ' g-mail ' was the name of a free email service offered by garfield ’ s website .	hipster garfield . . .

1 dildos were invented over 25,000 years before the wheel	priorities men , priorities .

1 caesar was banging brutus ' mom , servilia caepionis .	i have some vewwy good fwiends in wome .
2 shall i stwike him sir ?	cleese doesn't have a lisp .
3 my good friend biggus dickus ...	he has a wife you know .

1 the show ' firefly ' has been permanently added to the international space station as a form of entertainment for the station's crews .	the only reason i've never gotten into the show is because it's only one season . i'm afraid i'd like it too much and it'd be over before i know
2 fox blows goats .	clear , concise and to the point .

1 in 1984 , british comedian tommy cooper had a heart attack and died on live television . the audience all assumed it was part of his act and laughed /	" i think the worst time to have a heart attack is during a game of charades ... or a game of fake heart attack . " - demetri martin

1 ace ventura , the mask and dumb and dumber are all movies released in 1994 .	a golden year indeed . also pulp fiction , shawshank , the lion king and forrest gump .
2 wtf happen in 1994 ? i was only 4 , so i have no clue .	you had your 4th birthday is what happened ! happy memories all around !

1 east st . louis has a higher murder rate than honduras , the country with the highest murder rate in the world	how is that possible ? if one city in the us has a higher murder rate than a whole country then shouldn't the us have a higher murder rate than
2 it's calculated per capita , number of murders based on population . otherwise the numbers would be incredibly skewed toward more populated countries ( which they probably already are because	ah okay that makes sense . thank you for the explanation .

1 dr . james watson , discoverer of dna , said that genetically , black people are dumber .	cross-racial adoption studies show that people of african origin have on average an intelligence that is two standard deviations below those of european origin . can facts be racist ?
2 a quick glance at espn shows that nearly every non-winter sport is dominated by black people . is this racist too ?	yes . white people are unfairly excluding blacks from the greatest season that is winter .

1 the game ' dark souls ' was originally going to be called ' dark ring ' but had to be changed after the developers learned that in britain ring is	wait ... what about [ * the ring * ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0298130/ ) ?

1 at age 15 , jim carrey quit school and became a janitor to support his family . they were living out of a van .	way to make me feel old . i first learned this about 20 years ago from what i think was a biography book or something that came out around the

1 a south african it company preferred to use a pigeon to transport a 4gb flash drive over 80 km ( 50 mi ) instead of using the country's biggest isp's	before this article i thought my internet was slow . not anymore .

1 tammy faye , one of the most popular christian televangelists , accepted gays and was one of the first to reach out to those with aids .	there are christian celebrities that actually follow jesus ' teachings .

1 in 1994 crayola release scented crayons but had to retire the food scented ones after a year because parents complained that they " smelled good enought to eat "	i used to eat crayons regardless of the taste

1 taxonomically , modern-day birds aren't just descended from dinosaurs , but are considered to be dinosaurs .	so i've been lied to my entire life , and dinosaurs are not extinct ? my second grade teacher has some explaining to do ...
2 do you see any dinosaurs walking around ?	reading doesn't seem to be your strong suit .

1 jerry seinfeld met his wife while she was engaged to another man . she married the other guy in june 1998 , went on a three week honeymoon , came	what's the deal with cheating ?
2 it's an hormone rush , primarily dopamine and adrenaline , like ringing a doorbell and running away , or gambling , or embezzling . the person get's a thrill out	* wooooosh *

1 of maximilian kolbe , a priest in auschwitz who volunteered to die in the place of a stranger who cried out " my wife ! my children ! " .	strangely written title , it was an underground bunker they were all sentenced to , not the gas chamber .
2 that sounds so much worse , being trapped in an underground bunker to starve to death .	if i recall correctly , there was a tiny window out , but iirc it opened onto a ground where they had a firing squad . there was a cell
3 ninety one , ninety two , ninety three .. - nineties o-one , o-two , o-three ... - o's	here it's noughties . i have also heard ' aughts from brothers of other mothers from across the pond .

1 - at the age of 15 , jim carrey and his family were so poor that they were all living out of a van , with jim having to quit	newmarket represent !

1 king george vi was appalled when the south african government instructed him to only shake hands with white people while on his visit there in 1947 . he referred to	b-b-b-bloody n-n-nazi's !
2 are you making fun of his stutter ?	yea

1 the world's largest moving object , the bagger 288 superexcavator , leaves virtually no tracks , even over grass . the sheer surface area of the tracks makes its ground	beelzebub himself will fear the bagger 288 http://youtu.be/azEvfD4C6ow
2 the shots of the animals are from planet earth .	actually , most known shots of animals are from planet earth .

1 there are a group of native americans in mexico who run 200 miles in one session and hunt by running their prey to death .	are they still called native americans if they're from and live in mexico ?

1 mr . rogers made a legendary emmy acceptance speech that shut everybody up	gave me goosebumps . thanks !

1 fanta is available in hundreds of flavors , including " mushroom , " " red tangerine , " " lychee soursop , " and " banana fermented milk "	i wonder what " unflavored " tastes like ...
2 probably like seltzer .	coca cola already makes seagram's sparkling seltzer water . wonder what the strategy is behind marketing a fanta seltzer .

1 if you don't identify as an " extrovert " or " introvert , " you might be an " ambivert . " an ambivert is moderately comfortable with groups and	yeah that's me . plus the social anxiety .

1 when the world cup was hosted in the united states in 1994 , they only spent $ 30 million on infrastructure improvements . for the 2014 world cup , brazil	it's expensive to hide all that poverty .
2 1/3 of that is earmarked for paying players ransom when the gangs kidnap them .	this is not mexico , nor colombia . sorry to burst your bubble .

1 while writing the screenplay for sense and sensibility , for which she later won an oscar , emma thompson's computer broke down and a computer repairman couldn't fix it ,	i saw that [ episode of qi ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QmwdqNU2hTE ) as well :)
2 it was such a good one ! i love david mitchell .	me too - and jimmy carr :)
3 david mitchell and jimmy carr instantly make any episode . joe brand is usually a neutral , and johnny vegas instantly ruins an episode edit : also hate sandi toksvig	i've come to love jo brand , but her voice annoys me . anything she says is 10 times funnier out of context . same with rich , actually .

1 the ceo of susan g . komen for the cure makes nearly $ 700k a year , about 25 % more than other non-profits of comparible size , while only	the nfl must have a deal with her . pink everywhere ! !

1 jehovah's witnesses have falsely predicted the end of the world 20 times .	sure , focus on their failure record . but how many times did they get it * right * ?
2 i don't see the point of predicting the end . you either get it wrong , or there isn't anyone left to be smug to about getting it right .	or you convince all your followers to give you their money before the end , to cleanse themselves of the evil influence of material wealth .
3 but what about the suicide cults where the leaders go , too ?	those are for the leaders who want to party til they drop .

1 ryan gosling was cast as noah in " the notebook " because the director wanted someone " not handsome . "	mary-ann on gilligan's island ugly ; tv ugly , not ugly ugly
2 i feel like people only think he's attractive because he's famous . if i met him out one night , i wouldn't think he was attractive enough to fuck .	or does every other frat bro look like him ? i remember when he was on breaker high and he played the skinny , scheming loser with the fat ,

1 there is a piece of music currently being played that will take 639 years to complete , ending in 2640 .	when will this be available on itunes ?
2 how big would the download file be ?	mp3 or flac ?

1 before 1912 , the komodo dragon was once thought to be a mythical creature	why is the thumbnail an okapi ?
2 by the looks of the thumbnail , the okapi is wondering the same thing .	you just made my goddamn day

1 the only countries in the world to use the month-day-year format is the usa and belize .	year-month-day is really convenient , especially digitally . alphabetical order is chronological order .

1 george harrison purchased the rights to a song after being found guilty of plagiarism . this meant he had to pay zero damages .	after the lawsuit , he wrote ' this song , ' which has a pretty funny [ video ] ( https://youtube.com/watch?v=13BK0OT4Py0 ) featuring a bunch of his friends and musicians
2 33 1/3 is a great record .	i own it on vinyl but i don't have a turntable . :-(

1 terry kath of the band chicago became fond of toying with guns in the late 70s . he once assured a friend that the 9mm he was wielding was harmless	why does this always kill people ?

1 in the 1600 ' s london was plagued by an attacker who would grab unaccompanied women , lift their dress , smack their bare bottoms and yell " spanko !	there were japanese game shows in 1600 ' s london .

1 the band " limp bizkit " chose their name to turn away people who judge music by the name of the artist .	how incredibly deep and progressive of them .

1 game #11982 is the only unbeatable game out of the original 32,000 windows freecell games .	on the other hand , 11987 is one of the easiest ( that i've ever come across ) .

1 : methuselah , from the bible , is accredited as being the oldest person to have ever lived , dying at age 969 years . but it is thought that	an error in the bible ? nah ...

1 a hacker leaked half life 2 ' s source code and maps pre-release . in order to catch him , gabe tricked the hacker into thinking valve wanted to hire	you just now learned this ? are you 13 years old ?
2 yes i just learned this , no i'm not 13 , but i'm pondering how i made it the other 11 years of my life without knowing this valuable piece	not only did he leak it , he outright stole it , causing them to have to rewrite a lot of the source code .
3 delaying the game even more , out raging fans	now imagine if that happened to hl3 , hacker would probably be shot .

1 nero did not sit idle while rome burned , but instead paid out-of-pocket for a relief effort and homeless shelters .	after you know he burnt it down then built a palace in its place

1 , contrary to depictions in science fiction , the human body can briefly survive in outer space unprotected , and that the human skin doubles in size , more resembling	wouldn't you freeze to death instantly ?
2 nope ! to freeze to death , you have to give off heat . the lack of atmosphere slows this process .	ah thanks , i've always wondered this .

1 in the early years of baseball , it was common for players to go in the stands and assault heckling fans . ty cobb once attacked a handicapped man for	if baseball players were allowed to assault heckling fans i would never miss a game .
2 [ " here comes the pizza ! " ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ufSQMXLO95w ) ok , no assaulting players , but still funny . :)	why have i never seen this gem before ?

1 the " where's the beef ? " wendy's advertising campaign of 1984 ended in 1985 when the actress performed in a commercial for prego pasta sauce , saying that she	and here we are thirty years later and wendy's burgers are still near beefless .
2 you're crazy . wedny's burgers are the best of the big three chains . never frozen beef patties .	of the 3 ? maybe but there are so many better fast food places that serve a much better burger .
3 maybe the other two are mcdonalds and burger king ? the number one fast food restaurant in the world , by store count , is subway .	i'd think so , there are subways freakin ' everywhere , sometimes right across from each other . the only restaurant chain that is more ubiquitous ( at least in

1 an identity thief stole the identity of a surgeon and while aboard a navy destroyer was tasked with performing several life saving surgeries . he proceeded to memorize a medical	that thief's name ? albert einstein

1 south africans call traffic lights " robots " .	i was there last week and heard this while at a gas station . i asked for directions and he said turn left at the robots lol

1 rick astley has earned almost no money from rickrolling , receiving only $ 12 in royalties .	here is an interview where he explains this topic further : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ

1 the rolls royce merlin v12 aviation engine created so much thrust from the exhaust , engineers were able to angle the exhaust backwards to gain 10 mph in the spitfire	is there a reason why this wouldn't be better suited to spinning a turbo ?
2 the merlin was already supercharged , so no need for a turbo .	you can certainly do both . more boost never hurts .

1 drones ( male honey bees ) are generated from unfertilized eggs and are therefore haploid !	what haploid means .

1 during islam's golden age , scientists were paid the equivalent of what pro athletes are paid today .	check out pictures of the jantar mantar astronomy gardens in jaipur and you can see how much money and effort they spent on science . edit : thanks to those
2 those were built by the rajputs , not muslims ...	any one who practices the religion of islam is muslim . edit : never mind of all the time that it was controlled by islamic empires .
3 thanks for defining what a muslim is . / s that being said , the rajputs were not muslim . - _ -	the rulers in those areas were muslim

1 only 59 % of u . s . adults know humans and dinosaurs did not coexist	americans are not the brightest people

1 lawns have been a sign of great wealth since the middle ages . neighbors assumed you were wealthy if you had cultivated land , but didn't have to grow food	that must be the middle ages version of making it rain .

1 one of the first scientists to discover nitrous oxide completely missed its use as an anesthetic because he ended up just using it to get high ( having first experimented	" missed its use as an anesthetic " yeah , i think if i would have been the first to discover it , i would have kept getting high too

1 bob odenkirk , best known for playing saul goodman on breaking bad , was originally cast to play michael scott from the office , but last minute schedule changes resulted	" i don't care . " i just quoted myself .

1 during the falklands war , when the hms sheffield was sunk by argentinian missiles , the crew members who made it into the water sang the song " always look	i actually laughed a good five minutes reading this .

1 willy wonka and the chocolate factory was a box office failure because mothers thought the lessons were " too cruel " for children to understand	i still don't get how box office failures work . movie cost $ 2.9 million , made $ 4 million . i'd call that pretty successful but when you compare
2 i guess you also have to factor in the movie company's overall buisness strategy . the expected profits of a movie might seriously affect other aspects of their buisness .	... but you're * my * unqualified jerkass on the internet . <3

1 , on his deathbed , aldous huxley asked his wife for acid and she obliged him .	horse shit !

1 jim varney had a photographic memory and would shoot up to 25 " ernest " commercials a day inserting different product names during different takes .	i thought there was no such thing as a photographic memory , or it hasn't been proven to exist
2 the article doesn't actually seem to use the term " photographic memory ; " it just explains that he had a very good memory with near-perfect short-term recall of written	google glass / similar augmentations will eventually change this .

1 the milky way , along with our entire virgo supercluster of galaxies , is being pulled at 600 km / sec toward an unknown object in space called the great	andromeda galaxy and milky way galaxy is moving towards eachother in 120 kilometers per second .. estimated collision time ? 3 billion years .
2 kids ! pack your things ! we are changing glaxies again ! * * edit * * thanks guys , my most upvoted comment so far , as a thanks	don't worry , it's not going to be like what you would normally consider to be a collision . the chances of any two stars actually hitting each other during
3 hey just a question here , is it possible for two galaxies to become binary galaxies ? sort of like binary stars ?	yep . a quick search turned up [ this article ] ( http://science.nasa.gov/science-news/science-at-nasa/2007/18dec_assault/ ) about a particularly interesting pair .

1 matt groening said that enough material was cut from the simpsons movie to make two more films .	you can tell from the few deleted scenes on the dvds , the alternate scripts you can find online and the existence of deleted scenes online that were never released

1 some cuban cigar factories employed a " lector " who would read newspapers , political treatises and classical literature aloud to help break the monotony of the cigar-rollers ' work	this was popular in a lot of factories in the us before radio . its a job that disappeared because of technology . now you can hear nicki minaj twerk

1 the longest recorded sniper kill is by " undetermined australian sniper . " hmmm ...	where's the list of longest jarate assists ?

1 johnny depp's daughter nearly died from an e.coli infection and had an extended hospital stay . in order to thank the hospital for taking care of her , depp dressed	could he do that with veterans , but instead dress up as hunter s . thompson ? show up when they are passing out their medication ?

1 rickman has been with his first girlfriend since 1965 - when he was 19 years old	you're still in love with her after all this time ? " always ! "
2 you should be in love with a dictionary . your grammar is horrible , but i fear you're never going to understand .	it was a simple fix mate :p ats :

1 jehovah's witnesses don't celebrate birthdays because the only two accounts of birthday parties in the bible ended in murder .	i remember asking a friend of mine who is a witness about the birthday thing . he just told me they didn't celebrate birthdays because you are supposed to give

1 : that the choir singing during the intro to mr . bean are singing ' ecce homo qui est faba ' , latin for ' behold the man who is	oh my god faba is bean fava bean bean bean

1 the earliest form of ram stored data as sound waves . bits would be ' thumped ' into a tube filled with mercury , then read by sensor on the	there were also two hydraulic computers : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MONIAC_Computer http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Water_integrator

1 notable events in unix time	seriously though , why did unix time use leap seconds ?

1 : issacy asimov died of complications that were the result of an hiv infection contracted during a triple-bypass . the family waited ten years to make this public	i don't understand why people get ashamed over shit like this when it is so clearly not something they should feel ashamed for . who's gonna judge someone for getting
2 who's gonna judge someone for getting hiv from a surgery ? insufficient data for meaningful answer .	trivia : " the last question " was isaac asimov's favorite short story ( that he wrote ) of all time .

1 blue moon beer is made by millercoors , but miller coors doesn't seem to want anyone to know that	blue moon is my beer of choice . buds and millers are too harsh and bitter for me . i like a sweeter , fruitier beer . i don't see
2 i'm a beer guy and i won't make fun of you for liking blue moon , because i like it too . that being said , you won't get made	what are some better fruit / sweet beers that should be tried ?

1 roger waters believes the main theme from phantom of the opera was a rip off of a part if echoes .	[ for anyone who wants a quick comparison . ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=sDR8HKC9wgI#t=359s )
2 don't downvote him it's better than nothing .	here's a quick comparison . http://youtu.be/0S3fpgrZ9ys

1 vermont abolished slavery in 1777 , while still an independent nation . this means vermont was both the first state , and the first nation in the americas to abolish	vermont also had the northern-most battle of the civil war . the saint albans raid , which occurred in 1864 , was caused by confederate soldiers coming down from canada

1 johnny cash wrote his first hit single " i walk the line " in only 20 minutes .	doesnt surprise me at all . johnny cash was a horrible music artist and it baffles me to this day how he got so famous . his voice has no
2 are you certain that your cash research has been very in depth ? " nonsensical dribble ' is a bit off the map .	seems to be a perfect description

1 david spade did not attend his close friend chris farley's funeral because he " could not be in a room where chris was in a box . "	been there .. hard to accept your good friend is dead . when the people who killed him are in the room ! fck !
2 addiction killed him , not other people . when you crave drugs or alcohol so bad , you'll find them from anyone . sure , his enablers would be at	if you enable an addict , then it's not fair to say it's entirely their fault . it's a whole lot easier to kick a habit if someone in the
3 enablers enable , but they are not to be blamed . addiction is someone's own demon that only they can slay .	i don't really see how it's not an enabler's fault if they willingly keep providing a very accessible means for someone to use something that is unhealthy .

1 two boys tried to sue nintendo in 1999 alleging that pokémon caused their gambling addictions .	and now we can't get the game corner anymore .

1 the german word for foolhardy is " tollkühn " and that is where tolkien derived his surname from .	pretty sure he derived his surname from his fathers surname .

1 volkswagen owns audi , bentley , bugatti , lamborghini , porsche , and ducati	no shit ? what kinda til is this ? and they dont own porsche . they are close partners , like a bff .

1 coats of arms do not belong to a " family " but instead belong to an individual . coats of arms within a family may be very similar but need	i got to this article after reading christopher lee's wiki heheh

1 adolf hitler had a jewish doctor that didn't charge the hitler family money during their finical hardship . during the holocaust , hitler labelled the doctor , eduard bloch ,	it would be easy to label hitler as a complete psychopath .

1 tolkien constructed the grammar and vocabulary of not only one , but at least fifteen elvish languages and dialects .	he was a professor of ancient languages at oxford university , so for his massive , epic brain it was something that he could do as a hobby ( which
2 i'm pretty sure that even for the average professor of ancient languages , it's an extremely difficult task to completely invent fifteen new languages and dialects .	he didn't invent that many . the post title is misleading . all of those 15 are incomplete and most only have a handful of vocabulary and grammar . only
3 how hard are they to learn ? i've often fancied the idea of teaching myself to learn them	there's a new subreddit called / r / quenya . links to a course in the side bar and one of the ( very few ) posts has links to

1 astronauts have a patch of velcro inside their helmet so they can scratch their nose .	i can't envision how this works in my head can somebody help me ? okay they're wearing their helmet and it has velcro in it , how do they itch
2 the helmet is fixed , it doesn't rotate with the head . the velcro patch can probably be accessed by turning your head to the side and leaning your head	damn . i saw this thread and thought " that is genius ! i want a piece of velcro inside my motorcycle helmet to scratch my nose ! how do

1 research on dare ( drug abuse resistance education ) has largely shown it to be ineffective , and in some cases it has increased the use of drugs at schools	officer : you think everything is funny and you eat alot me : sign me up

1 hunter s . thompson typed out the great gatsby and farewell to arms as a writing exercise , and to learn about writing styles . whaddaya think ? would this	[ yeah , i'm sure you could learn a lot ] ( http://31.media.tumblr.com/4bc61a1856175bad99cb2b9c31fe86c3/tumblr_mpygulDww31r1k2zzo6_500.gif )

1 speedy gonzales was fully removed from cartoon network due to racial stereotypes until fans--including large hispanic organizations--demanded he return	mexican here . speedy gonzales is the shit .

1 some autism patients excrete the same toxin in their urine that hallucinogenic toads have on their skin	redditors are going to start drinking each others ' piss
2 you don't have to drink it . just rub it on something and lick it off .	rub it on a frog . do it !

1 although pancreatic cancer is usually deadly , steve jobs had the one variety that's curable . but for nine months , he refused treatment and instead tried a vegan diet	this comment section is a disgrace .

1 when several board games similar to monopoly became popular , the creators of monopoly bought them out , effectively creating a monopoly on monopoly .	i would be disappointed if they didn't .
2 i'm not disappointed to learn the game sorry was first patented in canada http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sorry!_(game)#section_2	when faced with a similar issue of copycats , the creators of sorry ! hand-wrote letters to the other companies apologizing for patenting the idea first when maybe they should
3 > then they drank maple beer and played hockey . you didn't click on the link did you ?	click on a link ? on reddit ? surely , you jest !

1 : in 2011 drug cartel kidnapped hundreds of innocent bus passengers in mexico and made them fight to death like gladiators . the winners were sent on suicide missions	what's up with people saying " this will be a great movie " ? at least show some respect to the real people that actually died in this massacre .

1 since its introduction in 1998 and extensive combat use , the only thing that's ever destroyed the british challenger 2 was another challenger 2 .	> similar to every british tank since the centurion , and most other british afvs , challenger 2 contains a boiling vessel ( bv ) also known as a kettle
2 morale	tea

1 neil flynn , who played janitor on scrubs , would improvise in the role so often that once the screenplay said ' janitor : whatever neil says '	within the wiki , ' citation needed ' on the source of this quote .
2 can confirm , sourced from the audio commentary of scrubs . don't know what episode , but iirc it was bill lawrence ( the creator ) that said it .	zach braff also mentions it in his ama .

1 : patrick stewart once single handedly performed " a christmas carol " , playing over 40 seperate characters	dean of huddersfield !

1 it may be possible to colonize the three farthest gas giants with floating cities in their atmospheres .	on earth , standard atmospheric pressure is 101,325 pa on jupiter where it's ~ 100,000 pa it's - 99 f http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Structure_of_Jovian_atmosphere.png

1 wwii german ace heinrich ehrler's last words were : " theo . i have run out of ammunition . i'm going to ram this one . good bye . we'll	there are several quotes about valhalla and the old gods from german soldiers / leaders in ww2 . hitler mentioned valhalla in a speech if i recall .
2 it's because the nazi regime idolised old germanic culture wich includes the idea that glory is more important than anything else and that a soldier only dies with dignity when	so germans are klingons ... got it .

1 koala bear fingerprints are nearly indistinguishable from those of a human - " even with an electron microscope , it can be quite difficult to distinguish between the two .	don't they have two thumbs ?

1 in 2009 eric schmidt , google's chairman , said " if you have something that you don't want anyone to know , maybe you shouldn't be doing it in the	i would agree with this statement if he simply added " shouldn't be doing it * * with our company . " * *

1 the catholic church considers the theory of evolution to be " virtually certain " , and believes that intelligent design " isn't science even though it pretends to be .	everyday i learn that redditors had a lot of misconceptions about the catholic church .
2 yeah , the only reason this is interesting to everyone is because of all the misconceptions about the catholic church that comes from all the manipulation of facts to try	it really isn't interesting , do you think it is non-christians mostly upvoting this thread ?

1 the cast of friends earned at least $ 88,460 , 000 over its 10 seasons . each . ( this does not include syndication royalties negotiated from the 5th season	could they be any wealthier ?
2 [ could they be any wealthier ? ] ( http://www.laughroulette.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/entertainment-jerry-seinfeld-smoking-a-cigar-smiling-as-elaine-counts-his-money-like-a-boss.gif )	ah yes ... jerry seinfeld , the man who apparently was offered 10,000 , 000 per episode to not end the show when it did . how much money do
3 it was not $ 10 million per episode . reports are between $ 2 million and $ 5 million . i also don't think his decision was based on money	oh . that's sad . i love abba .

1 mark wahlberg had committed 20-25 offenses by the age of 21 . these included throwing rocks at a bus full of black schoolchildren and knocking a vietnamese man unconscious and	just funny that everyone loves wahlberg even though he has done all of this and bieber wears douchey pants and pees in a mop bucket and he is somehow the
2 wahlberg came from terrible area and managed to break out of it and make himself into a decent person . bieber came from a good place and became a privileged	good place = canada . terrible area = boston .
3 you've clearly never been to boston before .	* you've * clearly never been to boston before . go check out charlestown , dorchester , most of south boston , etc . and get back to me .

1 kermit the frog was implied to be somehow responsible for the 9/11 terrorist attacks . in the television special " it's a very merry muppet christmas movie " , the	he doesn't have to be directly responsible , it's the butterfly effect .

1 dr . phil's current wife is his second marriage . his first wife , an ex-cheerleader and homecoming queen , claimed dr . phil was domineering and confined her to	we lived across the street from a child psychiatrist . he was a jackass his wife was feckless and his kids were fucking demons personified .

1 only about 22 % of people have the genes necessary to smell " asparagus pee "	is it the same as coffee pee smell ?

1 there is an island off the coast of virginia in which inhabitants speak a dialect similar to elizabethan english .	pffft that's just newfie

1 north korea has the 4th largest army , the largest special forces and the largest submarine fleet in the world .	not really hard if the army does everything from farming , to combat .

1 bruce willis voiced spike in the rugrats movie	is that from the time spike had human teeth ? jesus christ that scared the shit out of me growing up .

1 pat robertson and several others who incorrectly predicted various dates for the end of world were jointly awarded an ig nobel prize for " teaching the world to be careful	i just read pat robertson as robert pattinson . i'm special .
2 you're not alone there , buddy .	can confirm , you are not alone .

1 the nickname ' skip ' identifies someone who has the same first name as their grandparent but not their parent , essentially ' skipping ' a generation .	my nickname is skip ...

1 a roman dictator , cincinnatus , was made a dictator while he was plowing his fields . after saving rome from rival tribes , he humbly returned to his farm	where cincinnati derived its name from .

1 edgar mitchell , one of only 12 people to have walked on the moon , claims that the us and many countries governments have been covering up alien visitations for	what's so crazy about the idea of aliens ?

1 nasa has created a crop called dwarf wheat that contains more nutrients , manages to germinate faster and is smaller than conventional wheat . these crops were successfully grown in	i prefer ranarr to dwarf weed

1 eminem repeated the 9th grade three times .	at least he finished it . my ex dropped out at 9th grade , got an abortion , a drug addiction and a terrible rap career .
2 are you joking about the rap career ? because i would legitimately be interested in hearing your ex's songs .	i'm not , and honestly i would be extremely interested to share them as they are absolutely hilarious . i feel bad saying this as she takes it really seriously

1 google tried to sell itself to excite.com in 1999 for $ 1 million . excite said no even after the price was lowered to $ 750k .	wtf is excite.com
2 next you're going to ask whats geocities . bah .	nooooo i was around during that time , i just think excite was so underwhelming it flew below my radar . ps fortunecity was totally better than geocities .
3 excite was one of the search engines in the netscape navigator welcome page during a certain period of time . together with infoseek ( now go.com ) , lycos ,	i just went to see what is go.com and these bitches play video with sound without warning . thank you .

1 the lion king game led to the creation of direct x	and then by analog , it led to the creation of the xbox . ah , didn't know thats where the name came from , did you ? direct x

1 since 1945 , all british tanks have come equipped with tea making facilities	[ bill bailey agrees ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JHEmKmoNYhs )

1 if you are granted " freedom of the city " in the city of london , you have the right to a silken rope , if hanged , and if	i think it was qi where they said the sheep thing wasn't really true . maybe i'm remembering incorrectly ?

1 in 2007 joshua bell pretend to be a street violinist and everyone ignored him.just two days earlier he played in a sold out theater with each seat costing $ 100	also , as it recall from the article , the same experiment had been done 50 or so years earlier , in chicago , with the same violin !

1 m . night shyamalan has won more awards for how bad his works are than awards for how good his works are .	really ? i kind of enjoyed the village

1 we shouldn't call terrorists " jihadists " or " islamist " since it puts their actions in a positive light . the proper term is " hirabi " , meaning	the terrorists want to be labeled jihadists so why should i bother being politically correct ?

1 melinda duckett committed suicide following an interview with nancy grace regarding the disappearance of her son .	well now a certain shin-chan joke makes way more sense . edit : [ episode in question ] ( http://www.hulu.com/watch/138492 ) around the 6:50 mark . though you should watch
2 wait do you mean crayon shin-chan , the japanese anime kid ?	yes

1 pixar dubbed the english version of spirited away .	where have you been ...

1 the population of ireland still hasn't recovered from the famine of 1845-1852 . it was at 8 million before the famine and is at 4.5 million today .	the population of the modern * republic * of ireland is 4.5 million , but the population of the entire * island * of ireland ( which is what the
2 also , keep in mind , the irish population of the united states " magically " grew by approximately 1,000 , 000,000 , 000 during that time period . so	1 trillion ? oh yea ?

1 the pilot episode of lost was so expensive ( ~ $ 14million ) that the network president was fired for greenlighting it .	that's one reason why pilots are usually so bad compared to the actual show : low production values .
2 it's a weird situation , where in order to test if a show might be successful , the initial tester episode is given very little money and has so little	it reminds me how banks prefer to lend money only to people who don't need it :) a big budget pilot better have a big proven brand name behind it
3 banks prefer to lend money to people who have a proven history of being able to pay things back .	uh ... where have you been for the last 14 years ?

1 in " a . i . artificial intelligence " , child actor haley joel osment suggested to steven spielberg that to portray an android well he shouldn't blink . osment	[ uh , yes he does . he blinks several times in the first clip i found on youtube . ] ( http://youtu.be/SYgWHwMm9Uo?t=1m29s )

1 a women fabricated a story about being on the 78th floor of the south wtc after it was hit . she became the president of the wtc survivors network .	i wonder who did the opposite . saw the towers fall , and said " whelp , i'm outta here ! " , let the world believe they were dead
2 i'm surprised they haven't made a movie about that .	it could make for a fascinating film !

1 ol ' dirty bastard once saved a 4 - year-old girl's life ... then visited her in the hospital under a fake name	also i already knew this story , but i just love it " in 1999 , jones was paid $ 30,000 to appear on insane clown posse's album the amazing
2 insane clown posse is also a group of evangelical christians .	wait what ? ? since when ?

1 there is a mysterious dwarf planet between mars and jupiter called ' ceres ' which has never been visited by spacecraft or photographed in detail , however , earth-bound telescopes	contains 1/3 of the mass of the asteroid belt . that's cool
2 and ice equivalent to more water than exists on earth . i think this shiny spot may be a big ol ' skating rink .	does anyone know what would happen if we crashed that much water onto mars ?
3 that would probably destroy mars , but assuming it didn't it would begin to slowly evaporate and eventually leave the atmosphere . pretty much create a waterworld for millions of	ok . good to think these things through first then

1 jackie chan provided the speaking and singing voice of beast in the chinese version of disney's beauty and the beast .	man , the day jackie passes , i think i'm going to lose it . that guy is one of the greatest to walk the earth .

1 an underground mine fire , that was ignited in 1962 , still burns today and has transformed centralia , pa into a modern day ghost town .	i live an hour and a half away from centralia . i went there once , and did you know that people from all over go there to " see

1 : the cardboard box was inducted into the " national toy hall of fame " in 2005 ...	so i guess they finally watched that episode of spongebob squarepants ?

1 had the axis powers won world war 2 , hitler was saddened that the white race from australia and new zealand would disappear under japan's eventual colonization of the countries	australia and new zealand were designated as future japanese territories , although hitler lamented his belief that the white race would disappear from those regions . [ 54 ] he
2 i think they succeeded . there's so many asians here its incredible as a german descended aryan i'm a minority when i go into the city for uni and what	aryans are iranian . you're nordic ( am assuming you meant you're blonde and blue eye )

1 raiders of the lost ark grossed $ 384 million dollars in worldwide ticket sales . but it only had a budget of $ 18 million , giving it a profit	not to show up op , but the * blair witch project * was created with a budget of $ 60,000 and had a worldwide gross of $ 140,539 ,
2 to one up you again , paranormal activity was shot on a $ 15,000 and grossed $ 193,355 , 800 a 1,289 , 038 % profit ratio . but was	which is sad because paranormal activity is a terrible movie

1 royal eunuchs in korea were castrated by applying human feces to the testicles , and having a dog bite them off .	there was only one royal eunuch in korea

1 there was an all girl band that would throw a ' golden condom ' to the audience , and whoever got it , male or female , was taken backstage	good chance you'd be catching more than a golden condom that night .
2 unless you actually used the golden condom ...	i probably would just sell the golden condom to cash 4gold ...
3 i'd give it to a little kid on the street and tell him to find willy wonka .	a whole new meaning to willy wonka's chocolate factory .

1 a civilian employee destroyed a half billion dollar submarine just to " get out of work early . "	" i'm done for today , but i'll set fire to a submarine before i leave . "

1 most senior animators at disney chose to work on pocahontas rather than the lion king as many at disney had little faith in the project , leaving mostly first time	if you take that information and relook at them you can kinda tell in some ways xd

1 washington state is the only state in the united states where assisted suicide , same-sex marriage , and cannabis use are all legal .	to all people thinking about moving to washington state ... don't . stay where you are , nothing to see here , move along .
2 true story , rains 366 out of 365 days ... you think it sounds like utopia but its really just a drier version of atlantis . stay away ..	when i went to uw for a bit i learned 2 things : wa loves oregan because it filters the californians , and wa loves that rumor because it filters

1 despite being the highest rated film on imdb , the shawshank redemption only grossed about $ 3 million more than its budget	lucky , otherwise they would have made 8 sequels by now .

1 table showing the 24 tiers of the english " football pyramid " . there are roughly 7000 teams in 480 divisions	damn . in the us , we can't even field a full tier 2 in the nasl .

1 " the lord of the rings : the return of the king " is the first and only fantasy film ever to win an academy award for " best picture	can someone give me a good list of fantasy films ? i feel like the world is seriously lacking in this genre .
2 army of darkness is a good one . the older clash of the titans has some fine points . oz and return to oz . spirited away pan's labyrinth brave	more sci-fi , but pitch black is one of my all-time favorites .

1 arnold schwarzenegger refused to star in terminator 3 because james cameron wasn't directing . cameron told schwarzenegger to just do the film and ask for " nothing less than $	[ citation needed ]

1 during the siege of leningrad in wwii , 9 soviet scientists died of starvation while protecting the world's largest seed bank , refusing to eat what they saw as their	wow ... the soviets had more ~ ~ casualties ~ ~ deaths ( 1,000 , 000 ) in one siege than the americans had during the entire war ( 400,000
2 there is a reason why the war was won on the eastern front and not at normandy .	british courage , russian blood , and american steel - this is a quote
3 soviet blood . there were not only russians in battle .	there were also more than three members of the allies . should we include canada , australia , the netherlands , china ... it's a poignant quote , not a

1 mary j . blige hit her own husband in the face and screamed , " what are you gonna do , chris brown me ? "	now tell me again women don't abuse their position in the world .
2 all women don't , some women do . phrases that start with " women do ... " or " women don't ... " are useless phrases that do nothing to	generalization improves the rhythm and efficiency of language . don't worry . nobody's going to think he meant every single woman , and it doesn't have to be every single
3 seriously i would think people would be smart enough to be able to filter that out .	trust me , i learned a long time ago that you can't generalize here without people turning you into a misogynistic asshole

1 richard belzer has appeared as detective munch ( best known from law & order : svu ) on ten different tv shows , from the wire to sesame street .	it's a shame he's so criminally misused on law and order . munch deserves better .
2 this is mostly because l & o doesn't know how to do characters , period . see , e . g . , " is this because i'm a lesbian	here's a link to that moment if anyone was wondering ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aVjmXSS0wKA

1 1 in 4 u . s . high school students falls asleep in class every week	my first period during senior year was " tech support " . we would go around and repair computers ( which was hardly ever ) , the rest of the

1 charles barkley , not mj , magic , or bird , led the dream team in points per game , rebounds per game , and steals . before the olympics	isiah thomas not being on the dream team is pitiful - fucking mj and magic . also , karl malone is overrated .
2 yeah , why the hate ? ( i didn't follow basketball back then )	mj and isiah didn't like each other and the coach of the dream team was the pistons coach ( isiah was on the pistons ) they really wanted michael to
3 i was just wondering where the dislike between mj & isiah came from ?	isiah allegedly ( and by allegedly i mean probably , but mj held grudges like no other ) " froze out " mj in an all-star game early in mj's

1 caesar was banging brutus ' mom , servilia caepionis .	thank you conn iggulden everyone should read his emperor series , they're awesome

1 danny trejo often chooses to play bad guys to teach younger audiences that bad guys often die or go to prison , and that one should try to live a	i'll always remember him from heat . he didn't do much in the movie but he lent a lot of reality to the film . he didn't seem like some

1 most senior animators at disney chose to work on pocahontas rather than the lion king as many at disney had little faith in the project , leaving mostly first time	is that why there's " hidden " images in the lion king ?

1 koko , a gorilla who learned sign language , pressured her female keepers into showing their breasts	" i knew it was a genius idea to get this gorilla suit . "

1 adam savage has expressed an interest in proving natural selection over creationism on mythbusters . and has been working on a pitch for discovery .	their new show " unchained reaction " : awesome !

1 in the book , rambo is supposed to kill himself at the end	that was the origonal ending to the movie too but they changed it becuase test audiences thought it was too depressing [ here it is if you want to watch

1 kane hodder , the actor that played jason voorhees in four of the " friday the 13th " films , once objected to a scene where jason was supposed to	amoral , not immoral ?
2 i never thought of jason as either immoral or amoral . he's simply driven by an insatiable need for vengeance upon the kinds of people who allowed him to die	also , his love of festive hats ( though they usually end up cutting those scenes from the movies )

1 myst , released in 1993 , held the record for best-selling pc game until 2002 - - when it was beaten by the sims .	my father has played myst , probably all of them . he never beat them though always found that one puzzle to stump him . i still don't know what
2 haha , same story here , my dad was way into myst too . it had sick graphics back in the day . but i don't really like those puzzle	holy shit myst was the only game my dad ever played .

1 during their mating season , snow leopards mate 12-36 times a day	just like when i first got my own computer .

1 anne frank detailed her sexual exploration in her original diary but it was later edited out by her father .	i love how 7th graders can be exposed to the horrors of the holocaust but healthy and normal sexual development ? no way !

1 a mile in america is about 3.2 millimetres longer than in the rest of the world .	you're damn right it is !
2 millimeters ? ! ? what the hell is the difference in * * real people * * measurements ?	so , what you're saying is , that 99 % of people on this planet are not real . i should really get checked by my doctor , i don't

1 just one white european has ever run a 100m race in under 10 seconds .	i listened to npr a little bit ago about kenyans and why they seem to win every marathon . they go through some of the ones brought up here but

1 henry viii had someone who's job it was to wipe his bottom for him . they were called ' grooms of the stool ' and henry viii had 4 of	try to imagine any other reward that could possibly make you take that job , and you'll understand why they were knighted .
2 according to the article , it was actually a really honored position . you were privy to all the kings secrets , and were able to influence events due to	privy indeed

1 in the 1896 u . s . election , william mckinley won despite the fact that he campaigned from the front porch of his home in ohio while his opponent	william jennings bryan was a fascinating man . the populist party never achieved much success , but they did influence the more powerful progressive party .

1 a chemistry grad student accidentally synthesized the chemical mptp and gave himself parkinsonian syndrome while trying to make opioids - accidentally advancing parkinson's research at his own expense	previous thread removed because the title was " misleading " : http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/238mrq/til_a_chemistry_grad_student_accidentally/ so " gave himself parkinson's disease " has been changed to " gave himself parkinsonian syndrome " to
2 he was diagnosed with drug induced parkinsonism . parkinsonian syndrome is a ( rarely used ) generic term for the family of diseases that exhibit parkinson's-like symptoms .	geez , it's chill : http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK27974/ i swear if this gets removed i'll have to change it to * * " neurotoxin-induced encephalopathy with bradykinetic features due to substantia nigra

1 death note was banned in china in 2005 . students had been making death notes , writing the names of acquaintances , enemies , and teachers in the books .	i assume it worked or they wouldn't have banned it

1 over 800 people tried to accurately guess the weight of an ox at a fair in 1906 . although not a single person guessed the correct weight , the mean	i used this trick at a guess the # of jelly beans contest . they posted all of the guesses . i waited until the end , averaged them and
2 derren brown , mentalist , did a similar example of this . [ youtube video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1YllpRoxEWY )	this video of an english magician is not available in the uk . nice .

1 cockroaches grown in space became quicker and stronger than their terrestrial counterparts	we should send one twin to space while the other stays at home .

1 disney is developing a stand-alone film featuring boba fett , which would take place either between a new hope and empire or between empire and jedi .	" you can run , but you'll only die tired . " - boba fett
2 oh god , this could be dog the bounty hunter in space ...	i am the fett , the big bad fett

1 because a large number of black males are unable to shave without severe irritation , domino's was found in violation of the 1991 civil rights act by requiring all their	serious question . how come when i see pictures of black men in africa , like in a tribe , they are clean shaven . they dont have a lot
2 i am taking a wild ass guess here , but here is my theory based entirely on conjecture : obsevation : most african tribes seem to have very little facial	if caucasians / europeans don't have this problem , then why would africans with european ancestry have the problem ?

1 after undefeated boxer billy collins , jr . was beaten so badly during his fight , his curious father insisted on shaking his opponent's hands . he discovered the fighter	[ bare knuckle boxing is actually safer than using gloves ] ( http://www.neatorama.com/2010/07/04/bare-knuckle-boxing-is-actually-safer-than-using-gloves/ )
2 bare knuckle is classed as safer because you can't consistently punch someone in the head without damaging your own fist . whereas you can do that while wearing a boxing	it also is taking into consideration boxers get a 10 count and can return to the face beating . bare knuckle fighting ( like mma ) ends immediately after losing

1 gladiator had a planned sequel and a script written by nick cave . but the story was so crazy , ( maximus time traveling , being reincarnated by roman gods	if gladiator came out last year i bet that script would be approved .

1 there are only 5 countries in the world that still use fahrenheit to measure temperature , the bahamas , belize , the cayman islands , palau , and the united	working as an electrical engineer in the oil field , many of my designs have to pass temperature standards . we use celsius exclusively , the only bearing fahrenheit has

1 the poorest place in the us is 96 % native american and the median income of men is $ 0	i wish the federal government could take care of everybody this well . in time , we'll all probably be so lucky .

1 hideo kojima to direct a silent hill game ?	while i would love to see kojima working on a not metal gear game , i would be much more interested in him picking up one of his own series
2 we need another boktai / lunar knights game . or even better loacalize boktai 3	it would be pretty awesome but unrealistic if he just packaged it with gz . or even just release an english script .

1 cannabis is the largest cash crop in the u . s . , exceeding corn and wheat combined	will it still be the largest cash crop when the prices aren't ridiculously inflated ? the reason it exceeds corn and wheat combined is because an ounce of weed costs
2 so you're saying i should try smoking corn ... brb .	waiting for a followup . op please respond .
3 popcorn !	hey can i get a dime of that pop ?

1 " octopi " is incorrect . " us " becomes " i " if the word comes from latin , but octupus comes from the greek , so it's either	ill take 8 vaginas . wait what ?

1 richard dean anderson was made an honorary air force brigadier general for his role as jack o'neil on stargate sg - 1 .	now i want to rewatch all of sg - 1
2 watching it for the first time now . i'm on the second season . damn is it good .	if you think the second season is good , just wait until the season 6/7 /8 arc . that to say , it gets even better :)

1 christopher nolan planned a howard hughes biographical film starring jim carrey , but it was tabled when he learned that martin scorsese was making the aviator . the project he	i would've loved to see jim carrey play howard hughes . he does such fantastic work outside of comedy .
2 he probably would have gotten an oscar for playing hughes .	hurtful

1 occasionally people who are born without a lens in their eye can see some of the ultra-violet spectrum .	i had my lenses removed as a baby and that was the case for me until i recently got implants , and they filter it out

1 charlie chaplin didn't think talking movies would last , telling a reporter he'd " give the talkies three years , that's all . "	only somewhat related to the topic at hand , but the las vegas philharmonic this season did a screening of city lights in which they projected the movie and the

1 as an undergrad at harvard , neil degrasse tyson rowed crew , lettered in wrestling , and could dance better than you .	holy crap , he's carlton banks !

1 vampire bats will die if they can't find blood for two nights in a row . luckily , generous well-fed bats will often regurgitate blood to share with others ,	just like a man paying for dinnr in exchange for a blowy . cept its bats and blood .

1 the correct pronunciation of dr . seuss rhymes with voice , not moose	and worcestershire is pronounced " wooster . "
2 is this a joke that i don't get ? does anyone not pronounce worcestershire " wooster-shire " ?	many , many many say were-chester-shire .

1 there are more canadians playing for the boston bruins than for the vancouver canucks	and the san jose sharks have the most canadians !

1 tabasco sauce is aged in barrels previously used for jack daniel's tennessee whiskey	paul mcilhenny the chairman and ceo of tabasco actually passed away this past weekend . he was 68 and the 5th generation to serve as ceo.http :/ / www.nytimes.com/2013/02/25/business/paul-mcilhenny-head-of-a-tabasco-empire-dies-at-68.html
2 have you been to avery island ? that tour story is bullshit . video , some mre size bottles of their product , a room where you see extremely limited	i'm glad i'm not the only one who thought this . it was a big letdown . the grounds were nice at least .

1 in less than 100 days , queen elizabeth will officially become the longest reigning british monarch in history , surpassing queen victoria who reigned for nearly 64 years .	you should have waited a few hours to post this . most of the uk is still sleeping !
2 it doesn't matter what time it's posted , uk citizens are legally obligated to seek out and upvote posts referring to the queen .	i up voted it . can i go back to sleep now ?

1 a pilot was actually recorded saying " i picked a bad day to stop sniffin ' glue " just before crashing his 737 .	at least he didn't have a drinking problem . * splash *

1 christoph waltz is his own voice actor in the german and french dubs of inglourious basterds and django unchained	wouldn't dubbing sort of defeat the point of this movie ?
2 why ? most of it is in english .	the point of the movie is the shift between languages and how precarious it can be .

1 the short average life expectancy in medieval britain ( 30 years ) was mainly due to high infant mortality . if you made it to age 21 , you could	but the chances of you surviving to age 21 are much lower
2 duh . the point is that it's a common misconception that people died at roughly 30 simply because that's the average life expectancy according to poorly tuned statistics , whereas	i don't think that's a common misconception .

1 " i want jobs to go to the ethnically british " ... you mean all these people ? right ? riiiiight ?	why has the title got quotations ? did someone recently say this ?

1 ultima online had an artificial life engine that was removed because players killed stuff so fast that the system couldn't respond to it	one thing i might add to this . there are private uo servers out there and some of them are like the old pre t2a land of britania .
2 uoforever.com is pretty decent	thats a fun one !

1 73 % of those who earn less than $ 20k prefer the under position of toilet paper .	correlation does not imply causation .
2 how are we dealing with cause and effect ?	because someone could infer , from the title , that an individual's income causes them to prefer a certain toilet paper orientation .

1 mark wahlberg had committed 20-25 offenses by the age of 21 . these included throwing rocks at a bus full of black schoolchildren and knocking a vietnamese man unconscious and	walking talking proof that karma doesn't exist .

1 in the 1600 ' s london was plagued by an attacker who would grab unaccompanied women , lift their dress , smack their bare bottoms and yell " spanko !	that's the sort of history you usually don't expect to last 400 years after the fact .
2 the man . the legend . spanko .	i can picture the movie already . starring steve carell as whipping tom . edit : on second thoughts , david tennant .

1 trickle-down economics used to be known as the " horse and sparrow " theory based on the idea that if you feed the horse enough oats , some will pass	we should make sure the original name sticks again .

1 lego has no military related sets because the inventor's policy was to not want to make war seem like child's play	i was just wondering this when i walked by mega blocks who had call of duty , halo and a few other cool sets . thanks !

1 kars 4kids , the car donation non-profit famous for its radio jingle , donates 100 % of its proceeds exclusively to jewish causes , including jewish education and summer camps	i'd donate to them to stop the annoying fucking jingle from ever playing again

1 the u . s . military , along with numerous other clubs and groups , have some hysterical initiation rituals .	we had a dude running around frantically trying to find the brass magnet after we qualified with the rifles .

1 only 59 % of u . s . adults know humans and dinosaurs did not coexist	humans and dinosaurs did not coexist .
2 did you honestly believe they did co-exist ? where did you learn that ?	as a kid i never learned specifically that they did not coexist , but rather imagined what it'd be like with homo erectus and other pre-sapien human creatures having to
3 technically , our ancestors did coexist with dinosaurs , though they were probably diminutive mammals back then /	surely you are using ancestor in the loosest sense of the word ? as in a " everyone is technically from africa " if you go back far enough in

1 with inflation the ford model t would only cost $ 5600 today , $ 6300 less than the cheapest new car in us .	as i college student paying out the ass for my car , this makes me cry
2 really ? if you want something that's just as capable ( if not more so ) as a model t for that price , something like [ this ] (	oh .. interesting
3 but then again that's not road legal , has no safety features , no heat or air conditioning , no radio , is slow and noisy , suspension is crap	the model t can go about 3x as fast as that turd .

1 in the 1980s the naval investigative service undertook a massive and futile search for a woman named " dorothy " in the chicago area , after hearing gay men refer	they were looking for tobias .

1 tom hanks intentionally gained 50 pounds to film the first half of cast away . he then took a year off to lose the weight and grow out his hair	they left him on that island for the whole year . it's the only movie to be loosely based on a true story which is the story of the actual

1 in wwi , the germans converted liner sms cap trafalgar into an armed merchant cruiser , which they then disguised as the british liner hms carmania . off the coast	there can be only one

1 jehovah's witnesses have falsely predicted the end of the world 20 times .	eventually they will get it right if they keep guessing .

1 gene wilder's only demand when cast as willy wonka was that he enter the courtyard hobbling , lose his cane and do a somersault , so that " from that	this movie was terrifying for me as a child the whole fucking thing . from the tunnel , to the floaty drink scene , to the greedy girl falling down

1 rpg clerics wield maces because bishop odo of bayeux was wielding one in the bayeux tapestry , allegedly so as not to shed blood .	pretty sure there woukd still be a lot of blood .
2 it was meant to fight against heavily armored knights . the blow wasn't enough to pierce armor , but enough to give the knights a concussion or internal bleeding .	well sure if you're only using it against heavily armored knights ... but come on , a lot of the people on the battlefield wouldn't be able to afford heavy

1 in 1988 ian mckellen visited michael howard , then environment secretary , to lobby against section 28 . howard refused to change his position but did ask him to leave	since op failed to explain it , section 28 stated that government " shall not intentionally promote homosexuality or publish material with the intention of promoting homosexuality " or "
2 i dont think a government should promote any sexuality .	yeah i agree , in fact , i propose some kind of anti sex league .
3 no sex agency	reddit .

1 the name six flags comes from the flags of the six different nations that have governed texas	let's see if i can name them without looking it up . 1 ) united states 2 ) texas itself ( independence ) 3 ) mexico 4 ) ... ah
2 now put it in the right ( cronological ) order ;D	i'd say it would go : spain , france , mexico , united states , independent , confederate states , united states ...

1 airbus offered ' attractive discounts ' on their a380 planes on bulk orders.emirates got a $ 2.75 billion discount for 50 planes , a discount of about $ 55 million	yeah , if they could just give out those " 99.9 % off " coupons , i could buy one too .
2 it would still be 414,000 dollars for the plane . since that is what 0.01 % of 414 mil is . edit : thank you people ! the mistake shall	you want to try that again , ace ?

1 on veteran bbc reporter john simpson's first day on the job , he was punched in the stomach by prime minister harold wilson .	fun fact : both the cia and l . ron hubbard were convinced that harold wilson was a soviet agent . the cia believed he was because a top-ranking russian
2 on a related note , has anyone seen the scientology adverts on the tv recently in the uk ? i just find it weird that they're being aired . i	that's just happening on your tv mate
3 his tv wasn't even on ...	and the transmitter signal is coming from his attic !

1 in 1965 , the city of amsterdam started the white bicycle plan that provided free public bicycles for anyone to go from place to place . within a month ,	tragedy of the commons
2 not exactly ; people don't benefit personally from throwing a bicycle into the river . however , it only takes a few idiots to ruin the system , even if	> people don't benefit personally in this case , they are squandering the resource out of entertainment and / or to feed their own sense of importance
3 the tragedy of the commons is not just about the wastefulness ; it illustrates a point about how people behaving rationally can fuck things up . there is nothing rational	maybe the " bike thrower " was about to be murdered by international assassins before effecting his daring escape by jumping his bike into the river . just sayin '

1 the number of chinese killed by the japanese during ww2 is greater than the number of jews killed in the holocaust	this explains the sentiment that the chinese expressed about them when i visited beijing . i mean , i knew it was bad with nanking and all , but damn
2 the atrocity of nanking / nanjing wasn't just the sheer number of people who were killed , but the brutal torture of human beings both ante and post mortem .	there was also a lot of rape , a lot of rape .
3 i read a story about japanese soldiers who gangraped a grandmother in front of the rest of her family before killing them all . i would like to call these	have you seen what chimps do to each other ? they're only a forebrain away from human atrocity .

1 under ceo carly fiorina , hp sold over $ 120 million in computers and printers to iran despite us sanction policy , through a foreign subsidiary	you will only find posts like these on the front page if they're about candidates who aren't on the left .
2 " most people who frequent this website don't agree with my favored ideological slant , better make a post and whine about it " ~ / u / str 8rhythm	and what's my " favored ideological slant ? " i'm quite curious . :) i didn't mean to invoke such an emotional response .

1 although pancreatic cancer is usually deadly , steve jobs had the one variety that's curable . but for nine months , he refused treatment and instead tried a vegan diet	i don't think a non-vegan diet would have helped either
2 no but medical treatment would . where these people ( often intelligent ) get these stupid ideas from	guy was a fuckin ' flake , man , pardon me for noticing , but he was . back when he worked at atari they put him on the night

1 coffee loses caffeine as it roasted , so a dark , " bold " cup of coffee actually has less caffeine than a lighter roast .	1.37 % vs 1.31 % doesn't really seem like a big difference , does it ?
2 that's 4.4 % less caffeine . if you're drinking 20 cups a day , that's almost like missing a full cup's worth of caffeine .	if you're drinking 20 cups of * any * caffeinated drink per day , you're probably dehydrated .
3 isn't coffee 99 % water ? does caffeine really dehydrate you that much ?	only 98 % source : barista

1 in 2000 , john ashcroft , a former bush cabinet member , lost a missouri senate race to mel carnahan , despite carnahan's death two weeks prior .	... the west wing ?

1 one of america's first serial killers built a maze above a drug store with over 100 windowless rooms , where he would trap , torture , and murder his victims	yay chicago !

1 the pirates of the caribbean is the result of a cancelled monkey island animated film	[ there isn't any concrete proof , but i believe op is right . not in the fact that the film only exists due to monkey island , but a

1 rolling stones drummer , charlie watts , was sleeping one day , when mick jagger phoned drunk to watts ' hotel room asking where was his drummer . watts got	* q : how do you know when a drummer is at your door ? * a : the knocking always speeds up and he never knows when to come
2 what do you call someone hanging out with a bunch of musicians ? a drummer . jkjk . i play bass and i love our bands drummer , he's one	i can't imagine being in a band where i didn't like one of the members , this just sounds completely crazy to me

1 your left boob is usually bigger than the right because of it's close proximity to the heart .	best wiki page ever .

1 the manchineel tree is considered the most poisonous tree in the world . it causes painful blisters if you stand under it during rain , blinds you if smoke from	fuck , came here assuming it was australia . turns out , this shit grows right down the road

1 at it's top speed ( 253.81 mph ) , the bugatti veyron consumes as much oxygen in one minute as a human breathes in four days	itt : people who have watched top gear .
2 top gear ! ? rutlage is my favorite !	i can taste the sarcasm from here .

1 when yao ming played his first game in miami , the heat promoted the game by passing out 8,000 fortune cookies . yao wasn't offended because he had never seen	even if it was a chinese invention , why would he be offended ?
2 because everything is racist today in america . hopefully this will change sometime soon .	and in the meantime i'll continue to call it out when i see it :)

1 jimmy carter had solar panels installed on the white house ... and ronald reagan had them removed .	reagan smash !

1 : when asked about atheists pope francis replied " they are our valued allies in the commitment to defending human dignity , in building a peaceful coexistence between peoples and	i went to a jesuit prep highschool growing up . jesuit priest are incredible people . they tend to be the most educated , humble men in a room .
2 franciscans are similar in that respect .	every anglican vicar and reverend i have ever met too .

1 mary j . blige hit her own husband in the face and screamed , " what are you gonna do , chris brown me ? "	should have said yes and taken a swing ...

1 with massa's 4th place at italy , he now has 11 race wins , 11 2nd places , 11 3rd places and 11 4th places in formula 1	half life 3 confirmed .

1 john wayne died of stomach cancer , which is highly suggested to have been caused by filming downwind of a nuclear weapons test . wayne refused to believe the fallout	they died making a film about genghis khan . thats another 91 victims to the conqueror 800 years after his death .
2 anyone interested in genghis khan should give " wrath of the khans " by dan carlin a listen . an awesome podcast series .	any books ?

1 ahmad shah massoud was an afghan resistance leader , who in april 2001 warned the european parliament about a large-scale terrorist attack on u . s . soil being imminent	the lion of panjshir

1 after ww1 the french had the railway cars that germany surrender in stored in a museum . during ww2 when france was preparing to surrender , hitler ordered the walls	didn't he blow up the train car after the french signed ?
2 he blew up the train cars when they were about to be defeated , so that germany wouldn't be humiliated in that same train car again .	good . don't want a cycle of humiliation going around over and over again .

1 facebook passwords are now commonly included in wills before death	new facebook update : hey guys before they bury me i want to let you all know im gay .

1 the actor who played boba fett in the original trilogy was cast solely based on his uncannily fitting the costume which had already been made .	sounds like a strange version of cinderlla .

1 u . s . president andrew jackson once held an open house party at the white house at which he served a 1,400- pound ( 640 kg ) block of	heard about this from an episode of the west wing , heard an ever better version of it from the dollop podcast : http://thedollop.libsyn.com/the-jackson-cheese nsfw for language .

1 steve jobs died because he refused medical treatment for his cancer . instead , he tried a vegan diet , acupuncture , herbal remedies and other treatments he found online	money does not equal intelligence .

1 in the us , drying laundry on a line is seen as a sign of poverty rather than common sense	outside the us using technology to make your life easier is frowned upon .
2 wow til that americans are easily offended and have a lack of reading comprehension . the fact is that americans using laundry lines are considered poor , looked down upon	generalizations ftw , eh ?

1 the largest private company in the us makes practically everything you eat and doesn't have to release information about how it does it .	they are not even close to making " practically everything " you eat .

1 today i learned that patrick warburton ( joe from family guy ) does the voice of both volibear and zac	loved him in ted , especially that scene with ryan reynolds .

1 manual gearboxes are lighter , cheaper , give better performance and fuel efficiency . they are the most common type everywhere besides north america and australia .	i won't debate efficiency , but i will say that as someone who works on their own cars , manual transmissions are a lot easier to routinely service than an
2 i live in ~ ~ a country ~ ~ brazil , where manual transmissions are standard , and automatics are for really rich people . shifting gears does not prevent	that aligns perfect with my driving experience in america . i have only had manual transmissions since i turned 16 , 21 years ago . and i am poor .

1 the man third in succession for the presidency of the united states once pried a live grenade from his arm after it had been blown off and then continued to	did you also google the line of succession when you saw obama and biden sitting next to each other at the team usa game last night ? one slug could

1 profits from pink floyds dark side of the moon were invested in the production of monty python and the holy grail	this makes me very very happy

1 the catholic church considers the theory of evolution to be " virtually certain " , and believes that intelligent design " isn't science even though it pretends to be .	its only a til because atheists have been yammering that you can't be religious and accept science at the same time .
2 it's not a til for me , i'm an atheist , and what catholics advocate doesn't matter to me . i care for the organization to change , that's all	i doubt the catholic church care what people on reddit think of them . redditors just seem to have a fascination with the church because they're not evangelical protestants .

1 the lion king game led to the creation of direct x .	i absolutely loved this game . second only to shadow run in terms of great genesis games

1 since 1970 , all royalties from maurice ravel's compositions have gone to a british offshore shell company which now has collected at least 30 million pounds . the money has	as a man who has the melody of * pavane pour une infante défunte * tattooed to his fucking body , this upsets me . although so far , i

1 speedy gonzales was fully removed from cartoon network due to racial stereotypes until fans--including large hispanic organizations--demanded he return	by large groups i think they mean the cartel . drug dealers love their speedy gonzalez

1 rick moranis retired from acting after his wife died of liver cancer so he could raise his children	he had to raise his children because they were so small .

1 charles manson ran a crime ring that turned stolen vw bugs into dune buggies	never really thought about it , but that's probably where the bug in dune buggy comes from .

1 prostitution was widely legal in the united states up until the early 1900 ' s , when the woman's christian temperance union lobbied against it . this was the same	pretty much everything was legal until then . pot and coke and all that . the country was a libertarian's wet dream
2 [ the good stuff ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ozSfR.jpg )	" skillfully combined "
3 " with a number of other ingredients "	" directions "

1 weezer's second album ' pinkerton ' was voted the 3rd worst album of the year by rolling stone readers in 1996 . six years later it was voted the 16th	" i'm sorry ... i'm sorry , i'm soooooorry . " * album ends * those fucking feels .
2 so good . best song on the album actually . it's like iron and wine before iron and wine .	no its not

1 there was a man , mansa musa , the wealthiest person in history , who spent so much gold personally in egypt that he devalued gold and destroyed the country's	the frontpage told me that rockefeller was the richest man in history today ? the confusion !
2 no one is the richest person in history . we are all richer than both mansa musa and rockefeller because we have the internet , cell phones , computers ,	my microwave is broken .

1 hummingbirds have such a high metabolism that they are continuously hours away from starving to death	we are also hours away from starving to death . just many more hours away .

1 after hitler ordered the deportation of denmarks jewish population , danish citizens organized a massive evacuation of the jews to neutral sweden , despite the risks . in the end	if you go to the holocaust museum in washington d . c . , they list on a mural the various names of people who helped jews escape from nazi
2 hmm so that means i helped them aswell ! i knew i would do something good in my life ! ( or before )	hi , i'm here to offer tips on english style and usage ( and some common misspellings ) . my database indicates that > aswell should probably be > as
3 i'm getting so tired of bots .	one day .. they'll get tired of * us . *

1 in 2004 , j . k . rowling became the first person to become a billionaire by writing books .	i feel like it isn't really accurate to say that with the movie royalties i imagine she banked a lot of money from .
2 well if she hadn't written the books she wouldn't have gotten movie money , so technically it's very true .	obviously the majority of profits go toward the publisher and not the author but still , extremely impressive sales totals . according to wikipedia the 7 harry potter books have

1 indonesia realized dead manta rays are worth $ 500 whereas manta ray tourism brought in $ 1,000 , 000 over the life of a single ray . indonesia is now	who would've thought ?

1 if wayne gretzky never scored a goal in his entire nhl career , he would still be the all-time points leader .	also , he and his brother are the all-time top scoring brothers ! ! ! even though his brother only ever scored like 1 goal , and had something like

1 in the united states , the star denoting the main entry floor of a building is mandated by law .	as someone with a father that is an elevator mechanic , this is for blind people and it has to be a certain measurement above the floor . just like

1 a young charlie wilson's dog was killed by a next door neighbor who was running for city council by mixing crushed glass into the dog's food . charlie wilson retaliated	mixing crushed glass into dog food would not get any voters on your side . worst political platform ever .
2 i dunno , the mayor candidate from toronto who did an ama and ended up threatening to sue redditors for slander might have this guy beat . edit : [	> sue redditors i wonder how he planned on doing that .
3 having the police backtrack them .	you mean backtrace ? come on , don't go making stuff up

1 as a child elon musk was bullied so severely he once had to be hospitalized because of a beating from other students	no kid should ever have to endure such bullying .

1 jason lee divorced , and cut off all contact with , his first wife after she read an anti-scientology book	he's a scientologist ? ! oh man , i liked him .
2 basically everyone on my name is earl is in the cult , sadly	which means that raising hope was probably also full of scientologists . i liked that show . :(
3 the creator of my name is earl and raising hope [ would like everyone to know that he is not a scientologist . ] ( http://gawker.com/5046326/greg-garcia-responds-to-baldwin-im-not-a-scientologist )	well that's good .

1 both the united kingdom and canada have banned the westboro baptist church from entering their countries .	idk how the wbc has not been shot up

1 christian , judaic , and islamic texts all ban interest on loans	and all 3 religions circumvent it , jews don't apply it to gentiles , christians forgot about it and muslims have " islamic banking . "
2 islamic banking still does not apply interest .	but have something similar to interest , they only don't call it interest .
3 source ?	[ murabaha ] ( http://www.investopedia.com/terms/m/murabaha.asp#axzz29a5aycj9 )

1 willie nelson lives in self-sustaining community on maui with neighbors like kris kristofferson , woody harrelson , and owen wilson .	as long as you consider large , regular infusions of cash as a part of " self-sustaining . "
2 " self-sustaining " meaning they grow their own pot .	" grow their own pot " meaning they pay someone else to grow it on their island .
3 " pay someone else to grow it on their island " meaning they just buy pot from a dealer .	upvotes for the lot of you .

1 the 2002 live-action scooby-doo movie was originally supposed to be awesome before the studio decided to make it " family friendly . "	a live-action movie a little more like this would have been more interesting , yes ? remember , being out of your box isn't a right , it's a privilege

1 a hiroshima policeman went to nagasaki to teach police about ducking after the atomic flash . as a result of this timely warning , not a single nagasaki policeman died	it's also extremely lucky that no policemen were caught in the zone where everything gets vaporized i guess .
2 no man , ducking saved them . even if a nuke explodes directly over you and makes it feel like someone dropped an anvil on your head just ducking for	or keep pumping stimpack in your arm .
3 i thought stimpacks just made you run / shoot faster and lose 10 hp if you're a skinny guy and 20hp if you're not quite as skinny : o ?	[ nah ] ( http://fallout.wikia.com/wiki/Stimpak_(Fallout_3\) ) you can heal anything with stimpaks . minor bruises , gunshots , burning , missing limbs ...

1 daddy long legs spiders in your house hunt , kill , and eat other spiders , including poisonous ones like the redback . they walk like dorks , but actually	arachnophobic , but i make an exception for these lil ' fellas as they are like spider double agents .

1 " band geeks " was voted the best spongebob episode of all time	as the foremost authority on spongebob i can confirm that this is correct . band geeks was the best episode .

1 texas billionaire t . cullen davis hired a hit man to kill his wife which caused the death of his stepdaughter . he later was caught on tape arranging for	in situations like these is there a reason why a person with higher authority can't step in and have both the judge and suspect arrested and put on trial ?

1 about the taiwanese government , which has 5 branches of government : legislative , executive , judicial , one branch to investigate corruption , and one branch to test civil	but then it just devolves into parliamentary [ brawls ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=50XRz65GKwE ) somehow .
2 i find it hilarious and entertaining . it's become a ritual . they openly admit to preparing for it by wearing [ soft-soled shoes and taking off their ties ]	dude . i don't think our elected officials would fight that hard over a plate of turkey and potatoes . i kind of have to like the kind of people

1 tolkien did not want the third lotr publication to be called ' return of the king ' , as he felt it revealed too much of the story . this	that always bothered me as well . publishers can be such buttholes .

1 the founding fathers didn't want political parties because they were worried that they'd end up competing rather then promoting the greater good	they also warned about entangling alliances and foreign wars . but nobody cares about that .

1 in ancient sparta boys were punished for not answering questions briefly and wittily enough	i'm betting most of you already know this , but it's relevant so it deserves mention . during a lull in the battle of thermoplyae , persian king xerxes sent
2 that line was used in the movie ( and possibly the comic , too ) 300 .	and it was delivered by the inimitable michael fassbender .

1 christopher nolan's interstellar is the only film in the top 10 worldwide box office of 2014 to be wholly original--not a reboot , remake , sequel , or part of	my favourite movie of the year .
2 why ? i am of the opposite opinion , and i'm just curious why you like the movie . :)	i disliked the ending severely , but otherwise the movie was so masterfully done that i still have to list it as one of the best experiences of 2014 ...

1 the " x " in " weapon x " , often used to refer to wolverine during the time he was being experimented on , is actually the roman numeral	http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mister_X_(Vortex) same thing happened to mr . x .

1 eating a human brain causes your own brain cells to die .	hey cj watch your back round here man !

1 800 different languages are spoken in new york city , making it the most linguistically diverse city on earth .	how has no one bad a tower of babel joke , yet ?

1 fiji water ran ad stating , " the label says fiji because it's not bottled in cleveland " . cleveland water dept responded by running tests comparing a bottle of	i've been on reddit for three years , this is like the fourth time i've seen this repost ...

1 mexican drug lord joaquín guzmán loera made an appearance at a restaurant where after taking his seat , his henchmen locked the restaurant doors , collected the cell phones of	bookmarking

1 the breakfast burrito was invented at tia sophia's restaurant in santa fe nm in 1975 .	i am not quite sure you could ' invent ' so basic a food .

1 f . scott fitzgerald's wife's name was zelda , and the video game character was named after her .	so zelda isn't worth saving ?

1 : an elderly couple was unable to remove three kirby vacuum salesmen from their home for over five hours ; a disabled woman living in a mobile home on $	fun fact : a lot of kirby salesmen are trained not to leave unless you buy something or call the cops .

1 cinderella's slippers were not actually made of glass . a translation mistake from the original french version to english translated " vair " ( fur ) to " verre "	fur has more give to it ~ ~ then ~ ~ * * than * * glass does . edited because oops !

1 bob marley's father was a white english guy , who was 60 years old when he impregnated the singer's black african mother . she was just 18 at the time	also compelling is the song bob marley wrote as a result of being rejected by his father's side of the family – corner stone : " the stone that the
2 it's sad his father's family didn't love him . if my daughter was alive and had married a black man i could only hope he treated her kindly and they	right in the feels , man .

1 , that in the tiny pacific island nation of nauru , 97 per cent of men and 93 per cent of women are overweight or obese	soon to be a territory of the us .

1 carl sagan was not an atheist stating " an atheist is someone who is certain that god does not exist , someone who has compelling evidence against the existence of	this is why i prefer the term apatheist , because really , you're letting religion win to even say you care enough to take a position .

1 nestlé aggressively distributes free formula samples in developing countries till the supplementation has interfered with the mother's lactation . after that the family must continue to buy the formula since	pretty sure this is a repost , but i don't mind at all since this is so messed up :(

1 the gold prospectors of yogo gulch , montana would notice " blue pebbles " in their stream , but ignored them for 16 years before a cigar box of them	ruby and sapphires are both the same mineral . ruby is the red version and sapphire is every other color .
2 not sure why you got down voted there ? that was interesting . what mineral is it btw ?	corundum aluminum oxide . ( al2o3 ) hard as fuck and plentiful .
3 every time i tell someone that rubies and sapphires are made of aluminium they give me such a wtf look .	yeah , i love telling people that scotty didn't invent shit in star trek iv and we've been using transparent aluminum for thousands of years .

1 : the salary of the president of the united states is actually at an all-time low , if adjusted for inflation	it's still well in the 1 % . most presidents are very wealthy before the become president . also , the salary is paid for life . don't forget about
2 fun fact : there were initially proposals to make president an unpaid job , but it was felt that this would discourage those who weren't idly rich from running for	oops . guess that didn't work out so well . i always thought it was strange that someone can spend around a billion dollars for a job that pays $

1 the zoo in toledo , ohio was created when a baby bear was donated to the city in 1900 . the bear turned out to be an adult woodchuck .	have an upvote from the bowels of northwood ohio , the country version of toledo .

1 fanta is available in hundreds of flavors , including " mushroom , " " red tangerine , " " lychee soursop , " and " banana fermented milk "	has anybody tried the mushroom flavor ? if so , why ? and what did it taste like ? don't say mushrooms .
2 your penis is small . downvoted .	please try harder . all you did was make me laugh . hell you didn't even downvote me .

1 in less than 100 days , queen elizabeth will officially become the longest reigning british monarch in history , surpassing queen victoria who reigned for nearly 64 years .	don't say hop .

1 buzz aldrin took communion on the moon , meaning the first liquid and food to be consumed on the moon were part of a religious ceremony .	r / atheism is going to have a shitfit
2 i'm getting an unusually large number of downvotes :P	huh , i wonder why . you know what's really funny ? r / christianity is ok with a atheists . r / atheism will crucify anyone who doesn't believe

1 jerry seinfeld met his wife while she was engaged to another man . she married the other guy in june 1998 , went on a three week honeymoon , came	didn't seinfeld date a 16 - year-old ? when he was in his mid-thirties ? edit : she was 17 and he was 39 .
2 paul walker was in his 30 ' s dating a 16 year old .	too fast ... err ... too soon .

1 lsd is considered to pose less of a threat to your physical health than alcohol .	can't tell if op is retarded ... or just a karma whore ...

1 the original price is right gave a contestant a real elephant as a gag prize , and planned later to give the winner $ 4,000 instead . the winner complained	i want to know what happened to the elephant !

1 myst , released in 1993 , held the record for best-selling pc game until 2002 - - when it was beaten by the sims .	dude they were one of my favorite games as a kid and i have all 1-5 . ( fuck you uru ! ) . riven takes the cake as the

1 in 1943 , after a worldwide search , a mouldy cantaloupe in a peoria , illinois market was found to contain the best strain of penicillin for mass production	i have lived in the peoria area for almost 30 years , and i have never heard this . maybe it would be different if i grew up here .

1 koko , a gorilla who learned sign language , pressured her female keepers into showing their breasts	> patterson also reported later hearing koko making a sound similar to human weeping . drawing upon this incident , patterson argues that non-human species can have human-like emotions .
2 i heard somewhere that cats don't regularly meow a whole lot . you take a bunch of cats and have them live without any human interaction , and a meow	watch koko : a talking gorilla , on youtube . it should give you a pretty clear distinction between cat vocalization and what is actually happening .

1 steve mcqueen when he would sign up for a movie , would demand from the studio bulk amounts of jeans , electric razors , and other men's things , so	i'll say it once , and once again ... steve mcqueen is a total badass .

1 wladimir klitschko auctioned off his 1996 olympic gold medal in march 2012 for charity . the buyer payed $ 1 million but immediatly returned it because he wanted it to	the klitschko brothers are gods among men . they are handsome , incredible fighters , they both have phd's and speak many languages .
2 vitali was a world champion kickboxer before he became a world champion in boxing . yes , they are both prolific fighters .	interesting factoid - there was a rumor circulating that vitali had been ko'd in kickboxing . he denied this for years . proof has finally emerged . http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=9n7zExsuCRU
3 they are also incredibly boring fighters . well , moreso vladmir ... cain valasquez would beat the absolute fuck out of either of em .	idk about that . i'd have to see them fight . its definitely arguable .

1 not just one , but two wars were started because someone threw someone out of a window in prague .	i wonder if those czechs bounced .
2 it was claimed that after the second defenestration , the people landed in piles of cow shit , but in regards to bouncing , i'm not sure .	* whoosh *

1 during argentina's dictatorship , opponents to the regime were drugged , flown out over the atlantic , and pushed out of planes alive with weights attached to their feet so	least they gave them the common courtesy of drugging them first .

1 in 1994 , michael chrichton achieved the unique distinction of having a no . 1 movie , jurassic park , a no . 1 tv series , e . r	i wish he was still alive to write more amazing books . i've read most of his novels , and have loved all of them . my favorite is probably

1 john kellogg , inventor of corn flakes and founder of the kellogg company , worked tirelessly to " reform masturbators " by wrapping their genitals in sharp wire to prevent	this ladies and gentlemen , is why sexual mutilation of children still occurs in america . from this crazy mother fucker .

1 when harvey weinstein wanted to edit princess mononoke to make it more marketable its director , miyazaki , sent weinstein a katana with a message stating " no cuts .	i read that initially as , " in katakana , " but if he sent a katana with , " no cuts , " in katakana ... ; dammit too
2 ノ カツ ！	ノーカッツ ！ カツ is the food !

1 bob ross from " the joy of painting " was a us air force drill instructor . after he got out he vowed " never to scream again "	if he knew how many times this til had been reposted , he'd scream again .

1 the riaa tried to sue limewire for $ 72 trillion in damages - - an amount of money larger than the entire planet's gdp .	i just got hit with nostalgia when limewire was mentioned . remember kazaa and napster ? downloading songs on a 56k modem . good times .
2 remember morpheus / music city ? largely forgotten today but after napster it wa the kingpin for a short time . so much of my mp3 collection was taken from	i was always a fan of soulseek . they had that download containing folder option . was so easy to rip full albums . they also had profiles and chatrooms
3 soulseek is still around and still awesome .	shhhhhhh

1 the first time trey parker used auto-tune , he had to deliberately sing off-key . " you had to be a bad singer in order for that thing to actually	itt - people who know nothing about recording software or plugins .
2 having barely a passable understanding of something has never stopped redditors from pontificating on said things as if they're experts .	what makes you such an expert ?
3 you just attacked a straw man : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Straw_man	colonelforge uses * hasty generalization * ! ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ want ^ ^ ^ to ^ ^ ^ be ^ ^ ^ clear ^ ^ ^

1 when he was 7 , vin diesel and some friends broke into a new york theater with intentions to vandalize it . instead of calling the police , the theater's	he should have stuck with vandalism

1 on september 21 , 1997 , a crew member aboard the uss yorktown accidentally divided by zero and caused a systems failure that stopped the propulsion of the ship .	" accidentally " divided by zero ... he knew what he was doing
2 only terrorists divide by 0	my calculator give the answer as infinity
3 most processors return a positive or negative infinity when dividing by zero using floating point math . it is often treated as an exception because you probably did something wrong	if ( x ! = 0 ) y / x

1 the coney island style hot dog as we know it started in michigan and not coney island in new york .	the best dog downtown detroit is lafitte coney . the next door inferior competitors use beans in their chili . wtf . it's not chili if it has beans

1 there is enough water in lake superior to cover the entire land mass of north and south america with roughly one foot of water	the amount of semen i have ejaculated can cover the solar system in a fine mist . edit - there that's better .
2 hey ! you're the guy from the other thing !	yeah , hi ! fancy seeing you here too . i was going to type this here in this thread but accidentally hit the wrong comments button . by the
3 you can delete your comments you know .	" you don't give up on somebody just because he's banged up a little . "

1 in 2004 , j . k . rowling became the first person to become a billionaire by writing books .	i feel like stephen king could have done this if that was his goal .
2 i don't think becoming a billionaire was on her list of things to do . it just kinda happened . she wrote her characters incredibly well .	i meant by write something more likely to be popular with larger audiences and getting more money for his movies .
3 yeah , i love king's books , but he definitely doesn't write stuff for everyone .	he wrote stand by me !

1 it hasn't snowed in sydney , australia since 1836	there is a word for soft hail , " graupel " . bet that would score some karma on / r / todayilearned .

1 taco bell , the famous mexican food eatery , has attempted twice to enter the market of its spiritual motherland . unfortunately , taco bell has failed to enter the	how many times have they tried to enter though ?

1 arizona and hawaii are the only two us states that don't observe daylight savings time	no reason for hawaii to do it when they work on hawaiian time
2 ainokea	i do what i like

1 the us navy has been trying to give away an experimental stealth ship since 2006 ... still no takers	why not donate it to a museum ? do they have museums for boats the way they do airplanes ?

1 over 90 % of pregnancies in the united kingdom and europe with a diagnosis of down syndrome are terminated .	this is one of the things that makes you seem like an asshole , but is really just necessary . people with down's don't have a lot to live for
2 do you know anybody with down's syndrom ? many , many , many of them are happy and full of life . they are a joy to be around .	what about the people who take care of them ?
3 my parents take care of my sister as do i . their life and mine has been harder no doubt , but overall we're fine , thanks .	i have a down syndrome sister . there's more you have to do but i wouldn't categorize my life as " harder "

1 two warring nations in africa temporarily stopped fighting because pele was playing nearby and both sides wanted to go see him	it would have been beautiful if they could have both settled on permanent peace over their love of pele .

1 some people can voluntarily equalize the pressure in their ears by ' flexing ' open their eustachian tube .	can someone actually explain how to " flex " them ? is it just wiggling my ears ?
2 someone else on here had a good suggestion : > i noticed that yawning released the pressure so i just made myself yawn . after many yawns i noticed the	i mean i can move my ears at will , but is that really all i need to do ? just stretch my ear canals ?

1 before magnetic compasses , many maps were oriented with east at the top , and is also why much of asia is known as " the orient " .	it's in fact the verb ' to orient ' that came from the maps orientation . not the contrary . asia is called the orient because it's the direction where
2 " oriens " is the participle form of the deponent verb " orior " , meaning " to rise " . as a substantive it means east = place of	of course , our english forms come from the root of the declined forms " orientis , orientem , " etc .
3 yes yes , we all know how to read wikipedia	of course , nautilus ( from greek ναυτίλος , ' sailor ' ) is the common name of marine creatures of cephalopod family nautilidae .

1 mother teresa did not administer painkillers to those infirmed in her homes for the dying ( one could " hear the screams of people having maggots tweezered from their open	oh boy this again .

1 " nothing " in the title of the shakespearean play " much ado about nothing " is elizabethan slang for vagina	i can just picture shakespeare in modern times sitting down and declaring ... " i'll call this play much ado about pussaaaaay " before doing a keg stand .
2 or robert rodriguez in shakespearean times : pray come in , o lovers of nothing ! we have white nothing , black nothing , spanish nothing , yellow nothing !	how about blue nothing ? that's my favorite .
3 you sir disgust me . before i learned it the hard way , one of my mates led me to believe it was a cake like edible item with hint	hey man , just doing my job . welcome to the internet . also , nothing is edible , in one sense .

1 in 1945 , dwight d . einsenhower predicted that people would try to dispel the holocaust as a falsehood , and ordered all possible photographs taken of the nazi crimes	lets analyze this . eisenhower . o looks like a bagel . coincidence ? e is the middle letter in jew . is . first two letter of israel ?
2 you sound like seriously a fucking loser , get a life	that went over your head , huh

1 although jews are only 3 % of the us population , they've won 27 % of all nobel prizes in science awarded to americans .	i am the 97 % ! ! !

1 princess leia's iconic metal bikini was inspired by fisher's complaints that the loose-fitting outfits she wore in the star wars concealed her feminine physique .	an outfit is more famous than i will ever be . that's okay though , it's a nice outfit .
2 thats not that surprisingly really . cosplay is a thing . costumes are as famous as the character that wears them .	it's not cosplay if its in an actual movie .
3 are you being intentionally dull ? where the fuck do you think cosplays come from ?	the costumes ... from the movies

1 " lone survivor " marcus luttrell received a dog when he got home to aide in his recovery . in 2009 4 men shot the dog , and luttrell chased	those assholes deserve a longer sentence . why do we treat the life of a dog so lightly ?

1 harry truman , due to his very poor eyesight , secretly memorized the eye charts in order to enlist in the missouri army national guard	i used to work at my local dmv and had to memorize the vision machines to reduce transaction times . least to sat , i have 20/400 vision without any
2 > i have 20/400 vision damn , that's pretty shitty vision .	yeah , what's scary is that i didn't know i was nearly blind . i thought that this was how everyone saw everything .
3 how bad it that ? without my glasses i can't read 36 point font from 8 feet .	without my glasses i can't read 16 point font from 16 inches away .

1 actor cillian murphy converted to atheism after researching his role as a nuclear physicist in the sci-fi film " sunshine "	and chris nolan converted to gay when he say cillian's dick in " 28 days later " . ;)

1 joycelyn elders , the surgeon general who was fired for suggesting the teaching of masturbation as a prevention of risky sexual activity in younger people also suggested that drug legalization	i remember this was a huge deal in the news . people were acting like she was forcing kids to jack each other off . its crazy to think how

1 islam allows slavery , and muslim societies only began to outlaw it due to western pressure in the mid 20th century	slaves under islamic law had rights . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Islamic_views_on_slavery#Legal_status http://www.islam.ru/en/content/story/slaves-islam-concept-their-rights it's wrong to think that slavery has always been practiced like it was in the americas .

1 tickling was a form of torture used in ancient china on nobility because it left no mark and recovery was quick .	can you imagine how this was first discovered as a viable form of torture ? a man is tickling his daughter and suddenly gets a wonderful , terrible idea .
2 http://i.imgur.com/5X1MyRt.gif	not usually a . gif fan , but you got me this time .
3 never met someone who isn't a gif fan . hi .	some are good but most are just random guys making a random face ( uninteresting and most overused ) or saying " no ! " over and over ( overused

1 at age 15 , jim carrey quit school and became a janitor to support his family . they were living out of a van .	im going to kick my kid out of school at age 15 and force him to live in a van and work as a janitor . i want to ensure

1 mr rogers was one of the few content creators to testify in favor of vcrs for time-shifted viewing [ x-post from todayilearned ]	his quote about families using vcrs to become active in programming their television life , and opposing being programmed by others is brilliant .

1 the plymouth colony pilgrims adopted communism , and it failed horribly	i'm not sure i trust this article completely . there are cautions about it on wikipedia ... rush limbaugh said something to this effect ( communism attempted and failed at

1 at one point the pittsburgh penguins owed mario lemieux so much money that he used the debt as equity to purchase the team	for the love of the game ... adda be mario !

1 the united states use of agent orange during the vietnam war resulted in 400,000 people being killed or maimed , and 500,000 birth defects .	i'm a little shocked this isn't common knowledge in america . do they not teach this in schools ? or do they neglect to mention all the civilian deaths in
2 this is common knowledge in america as far as i know . i learned about it around 4th grade , and it was brought up regularly thereafter . i assume	my american public school experience was rather different — we spent 4th grade learning about pioneers and the gold rush . vietnam wasn't covered until junior year of high school

1 subway's most popular sandwich , the italian bmt , is named for ' brooklyn manhattan transit ' , literally a subway	the fact that this post on / r / gonewild was the port before this made me uneasy . hi , welcome to subway ! what can i make (

1 nuclear war during the cuban missile crisis was averted by the action of a single soviet officer .	to be fair the event in question there were four soviet submarines involved in the cuban missile crisis all of which could have started world war 3 but did not
2 all of them knew that ussr had far less nukes than usa , and firing them would have done quite more damage to euroasia than euroasia would have ben able	both us and ussr had enough nukes to obliterate each other at that point . it doesn't matter if us could do that 10 times . 1 is enough .

1 the world's oldest person attributed her ripe old age ( 122 ) to a diet of olive oil , port wine and 1kg of chocolate per week .	i hope to live to 98 on a diet of cheetos and coke .

1 the battle of chosin reservoir in the korean war was lost ... due to tootsie rolls . a codereader mistook the code for mortar shells ( " snacks " ,	i don't think the battle was lost due to one mortar section not receiving an ammo resupply . a bit dramatic , op .
2 so in other words , exactly what we expect from a til .	" what are we learning today ? " " the same thing we learn every day : op is a fag ! "

1 the netherlands has a higher percentage of english speakers than several countries where it's the official language , such as malta and canada	english is not " the " official language of canada , it's " an " official language , and our second largest province by population is french speaking , so
2 i was doubting whether i should put the or the / an in the title , but ultimately decided it looked a bit ugly . at least i didn't write	i understand what you were getting at too , and i wasn't trying to spark the large discussion that followed my comment . i was merely pointing out that canada

1 women can reduce their risk of pre-eclampsia and miscarriages by frequently giving blow jobs , and the risk is lowered even further if they swallow . ( strictly scientific ,	wat . wat . i believe they call this too good to be true . this is at least a study i can get behind , as opposed to "

1 , on his deathbed , aldous huxley asked his wife for acid and she obliged him .	they left out the part where he jumped out of bed , ran down the halls with medical equipment attached to him and stripped off his clothes as he fought

1 : 80 % of n . w . a . ' s straight outta compton sales were in the suburbs , beyond the boundaries of black neighborhoods .	dont put cinemas in black hoods . derr

1 in the late 1600s london was plagued by an attacker who would spank his victims with a rod and shout " spanko ! " before running away	as quaint as this sounds , as the article states : some of his victims were left badly injured by the attacks ( and probably not just with a bad

1 elvis presley and his entourage would rent out roller skating rinks to throw $ 15,000 worth of fireworks at each other while wearing " air force jump-suits plus gloves ,	this is what everybody from tupelo , ms does when they go to the skating rink . elvis was just trying to spread the hometown tradition . makes me proud

1 : there is a monastery of monks that brew beer and only sell 60,000 cases each year . you must make an appointment to purchase with a 2 - case	best . beer . ever . period . i'd sell my left nut for 2 cases ...
2 theoretically st . bernardus abt 12 is supposed to be identical . it's made , again theoretically , with the exact same ingredients as the westvletern , water , yeast	st . bernardus is my favorite beer . however , i love beer exploration and so i once asked a bartender at a pub with a unique selection to pick

1 england abolished slavery in 1772 ! wtf america ?	england evidently wasn't so enlightened as to boycott slave-picked american cotton . and therein may lay a clue .

1 soldiers in the u . s . military's psychological warfare department ( psyops ) used loudspeakers to tempt enemy fighters in afghanistan into battles they couldn't win by calling them	in all honesty if you can be goaded into fighting a losing battle , because your opponent called you a " lady man . " you kind of had it
2 instead , however , psyops mistranslated , and called them ladies men	too , many , commas , hard to , read
3 the last one was the only unnecessary one .	lack of two independent clauses , yo .

1 despite having only 3 % of america's population , ohio has produced 25 astronauts , including john glenn and neil armstrong . the top wwi and ii fighter aces (	people who arent from ohio have no idea that its not just a huge farm

1 psychologist george m . stratton in the 1890 ' s wore glasses that made him see everything upside down and after 5 days his brain adapted and he was seeing	dae see the caption on the picture to the right ? " * modern version * of inverting mirrors with harness " i think redditors are trolling wiki

1 the actress who played maeby " marry me ! " fünke is half-kurdish - - her father's from baghdad .	i like the way they think .

1 the guy who snagged windows2000.com happened to be named bob and microsoft just happened to own bob.com . they came to an agreement to trade one for the other .	yep and i originally sold it to microsoft back in ' 94 edit : i checked it was ' 94
2 wait what .	i originally registered bob.com around the time nsi took over internic . used it as a personal domain until i sold the domain name . i did not know who

1 the crown princess of the netherlands goes to a public school .	i actually thaught her how to play field hockey on a summer camp two years ago . all the security she had was two guards on each corner of the
2 a few years ago in 2008 or 2009 when my niece got married they took their wedding pictures somewhere in a park in wassenaar . two girls that were playing	aw , that's cute . :D

1 the girl scouts of the usa have a " don't ask , don't evangelize " policy regarding sexual orientation	girl scouts should rename to " scouts " and let everyone in . ( in theory , they'll sell a lot more cookies this way . ) then the boy
2 while i disagree with calling the bsa a phobia club , an organization such as the one you are proposing already exists and it's called adventure scouts .	there's also venture crew , which sounds like it's basically the same thing .

1 the big lebowski's main character was based on a real life guy who drank white russians & was known as " the dude . " also , jeff bridges wore	[ there's one that he's very fond of . ] ( http://i.imgur.com/DONML.jpg )
2 i like how the first comment of the repost is also a repost .	i swear , i see this whole " til the same thing about jeff bridges that was on the front page the other day and is clearly in the trivia

1 pistol dueling with wax bullets was a popular pastime in the early 20th century and even featured as a sport in the 1908 summer olympics	but then we invented paintball and airsoft and stuff . cheaper and safer .
2 safer , probably . cheaper , not so much . there are airsoft guns that cost more than actual firearms . also its a lot less fun when you're getting	i've been paint balling only once and i got shot in the side at point-blank range . it left a welt on my side that i still have a scar

1 there have been nine different studies on dare ( drug abuse resistance education ) and all agree that the program does nothing or worsens the problem	dare taught me about all the ingredients to cook meth and how to hide weed .

1 over 90 % of pregnancies in the united kingdom and europe with a diagnosis of down syndrome are terminated .	for the betterment of the human race , i can say i approve of this .

1 samuel l . jackson's performance as a crackhead in 1991 ' s jungle fever was so acclaimed that the " supporting actor " award was created just for him at	i thought the award would have been for stick up man in coming to america .

1 susan b . anthony once said that the invention of the modern bicycle " has done more to emancipate women than anything else in the world " and called it	and the wright brothers , who were bicycle mechanics , invented the airplane . the true freedom machine . off we go !

1 jon stewart is the highest-paid late night host , making an estimated $ 25-30 million per year .	maybe he should work fridays then ! ! ( does anyone know why the show only runs m-th ? )
2 i don't mind the monday-thursday schedule so much , but i fucking hate how they take weeks off constantly .	the way i see it , the weeks off they take prevent burnout . i'd rather have the daily show for 3/4 ths of the year for 20 years than
3 i'd much prefer a guest host so they aren't playing " catch up " with the news . seems like the conservative base always has their biggest headlines right as	they do that on purpose . politicians also reveal bad news right when something more important is happening so that it doesn't make front page . they're politicians , not

1 when demolishing the house of serial killers fred and rosemary west , every brick was crushed and every timber beam burned in order to discourage souvenir hunters .	i live down the road from a previous notorious serial killer ... huh ...
2 woo ! another person from the shire with internet ! ( stroudie here )	you're hobbits ?

1 when the current king of thailand was born in cambridge , massachusetts , the hospital room in which he was born was declared thai territory for the duration of the	canada did the same thing for the dutch crown in ww2 . the neatherlands donates a million tulips each year for the ottawa tulip festival as a gesture of thanks

1 the world's oldest person attributed her ripe old age ( 122 ) to a diet of olive oil , port wine and 1kg of chocolate per week .	i interviewed a 103 yr old about a year ago . she said she lived so long because she didn't have kids , loved her husband very dearly ( he
2 you are what you eat ... and hot dogs last forever !	but her husband didn't . ;)

1 chef paul prudhomme was struck by a . 22 - calibre bullet while cooking at a golf tournament , he thought it was a bee sting and kept on cooking	meh , he only got grazed that means he didn't get fully penetrated by the tiny bullet , more like violently abraded

1 richard dean anderson was made an honorary air force brigadier general for his role as jack o'neil on stargate sg - 1 .	" window of opportunity " ( s4 : e6 ) is still one of the greatest episodes in all of television .
2 yesss ! also , s4 : e3 shortly before it , upgrades . my two favorites .	" jack please , just get the hell out of my office ! "

1 in " a . i . artificial intelligence " , child actor haley joel osment suggested to steven spielberg that to portray an android well he shouldn't blink . osment	i watched this as a child . there were tears .
2 i was crying out of anger thanks to that bullshit ending . none of that film made any sense . hey let's make a kid robot that has real feelings	gigolo joe .. what do ya know ?

1 in china in 757 during the siege of suiyang , while they were short of food , the general zhang xun ordered his soldiers to kill the civilians in order	flashbacks of snowpiercer will haunt me tonight .

1 bob ross from " the joy of painting " was a us air force drill instructor . after he got out he vowed " never to scream again "	happy little fighter jets

1 dyncorp a private military contractor hired by the us kept sex slaves as young as 12 on a us military base	nothing to see here , move along s . l . a . v . e .

1 cinderella's castle at the magic kingdom uses a technique known as forced perspective , meaning it gets smaller as it gets taller , giving it the appearance of being much	if they go any taller they would have to install a red blinking light on the top .
2 obstruction light . airfield management here .	hopefullythepilotseesit light passenger here .
3 if you are in a passenger / airliner type aircraft and are low enough to be concerned about something of this height , you have far bigger issues to worry	mainly the fireworks ... aka mickey mouse mortars

1 : patrick stewart once single handedly performed " a christmas carol " , playing over 40 seperate characters	i saw it , in stalls , was bloody fantastic . the way he switched between characters was so good , sobbing on second then suddenly switching to narrating ,

1 in 1989 , cia original operative , wrote that in the future , world war 3 would occur when " soviet russia " dupes the united states and israel into	i was going to scoff at this operative's fantasy , but you note he is a " cia original ! " not one of those knock-off operatives , but a
2 yeah , look up ex-cia agents on youtube . a lot of them are very intelligent and respectable . some of them are nutcases who seem like they got a	[ here is his wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Miles_Copeland,_Jr . ) he certainly looks to have been involved with some pretty high level shit .

1 there is a deleted scene in the fly where seth brundle uses the telepods to fuse a baboon and a cat together , and then beats the fused creature to	i saw that as a kid , idk how .

1 billie piper ( the actress who played rose tyler in doctor who ) divorced from her wealthy husband , she opted not to claim any money from him , stating	she also has a fantastic role on showtimes penny dreadful , i highly recommend it .

1 comcast has the lowest customer satisfaction level of any company or government agency in the united states . including the irs . also , cable is the only industry to	but ... but ... when i'm on hold , the prerecorded voice tells me my call is very important to them .

1 in france , germany , and switzerland , it is illegal to deny that the holocaust happened	this might be useful for bums if they need a place to stay for a while . just find a cop and deny the holocaust .

1 ancient humans hunted glyptodon , an extinct massive armadillo , in order to live within their shells	why was i born in this era . with its amazing medical advances and dank memes .
2 born too late to explore the earth , born too early to explore space . born just in time to [ browse dank memes ] ( https://41.media.tumblr.com/1c2f587e17d2243577e0ca7d0775cb32/tumblr_nejvrjrT1E1r2abhro1_1280.png )	born too late to explore glyptodon shells .

1 the pilot episode of an offshoot of the x-files called the lone gunmen featured its heroes racing to stop a plane getting hijacked by govt agents and flown into the	great show . that episode was pretty surreal though .
2 i wonder how the writers of the show feel since the events on 9/11 can be viewed similarly *	chris carter ( creator of the x-files and lone gunmen ) has said that 9/11 was partially responsible for the decline in popularity of both shows . in a post
3 what about 24 ? that show became huge and the government always contained traitors	yeah , but it was still mostly government agencies stopping terrorist threats .

1 during the chaos of the african campaign in wwii axis general rommel found himself visiting an allied controlled field hospital . he inquired if supplies were needed and promised to	this makes me want to watch world war ii movies set in africa ! are there any ?

1 arnold schwarzenegger was not allowed to dub his own voice for the german version of terminator because his austrian accent was not considered tough .	seems like a shot at americans by saying what we see as * tough * , they see as the * pussyish * .
2 they should actually win a world war before they start talkin smack .	and i suppose you're one of the back-to-back world war latecomers ?

1 the first letter of a radio station's callsign ( k or w ) is determined by whether they are located west or east of the mississippi river	what about " q " ?

1 the song " happy birthday " will be under copyright by the warner music group until 2030 .	exactly why i'm waiting for spirit journey formation anniversary to take off . any day now ...

1 nbc's multi-colored logo is actually supposed to represent a peacock .	you learned that today .

1 the actress that played auntie em overdosed on sleeping pills and wrapped a bag around her head . wow , the internet sure knows how to ruin a childhood .	she was 81 years old and in severe pain . :-( this is why we need voluntary euthanasia .

1 jason lee divorced , and cut off all contact with , his first wife after she read an anti-scientology book	http://gawker.com/why-i-left-scientology-1703997050

1 a woman waited nearly 24 hours in the waiting room of an nyc hospital before falling over and dying . she was then ignored for another hour before someone finally	i live in cananda , in a city called hamilton . after a dude broke my jaw , like the bones were in my neck , i was taken by
2 we've been told that such a thing is impossible in canada .	i have a few cousins that live in canada and apparently alot non-emergency hospital visits result in long waits . same with alot of dentistrys .

1 , in the 1908 olympic flag parade in the uk , the american flag bearer refused to dip the american flag to king edward vii .	and the america is better than britain debate comes up . and then the british say no britain is better . truth be told i think both nations are pretty
2 living in britain , i can't think of a single brit who would honestly argue that britain is really any better or worse than america . it's ... pretty much	no , we're better . we have nectar points .

1 henry paget , cavalry commander at the battle of waterloo had his leg blown off by a cannon ball . when it happened he shouted to the duke of wellington	how i imagine the conversation http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rObSWkQA7og&t=1m51s

1 during world war 2 , us troops would use the word " lollapalooza " to root out japanese spies . anyone who pronounced the first two syllables as " rorra	i had this as an sat question back in the day .

1 jon stewart is the highest-paid late night host , making an estimated $ 25-30 million per year .	he deserves it .
2 he talks about raising the minimum wage while he retains unpaid interns .	unpaid interns is the new minimum wage worker . not only are they not protected under the right to work laws , but you can get rid of them on

1 the writing staff of futurama held three ph . d . s , seven masters degrees , and cumulatively had more than 50 years at harvard	if i'd realized that comedy writing is dominated by harvard grads , i'd have made some changes to the 14-18 period of my life .
2 conan went to harvard too	before he became a barbarian
3 he majored in barbarism with a minor in talk-show hosting	he took some electives in biblical scholarship - they studied the book of lamentations . i'll show myself out .

1 sean connery turned down the gandalf role in lord of the rings . " i read the book . i read the script . i saw the movie . i	and thank goodness he did , too .
2 why is there a 1 next to your name ?	i have not one fucking clue to be honest .
3 it's a three now ! it's gotten bigger !	heh .

1 astronaut gordon cooper used a only wristwatch , knowledge of star patterns , and math estimations to macgyver the correct pitch for re-entry when his capsule lost power	" he was the first american astronaut to sleep not only in orbit but on the launch pad during a countdown " can he get any more ba ?
2 it makes sense he slept on the launchpad . he was strapped in for six hours in a reclining position , with long stretches of nothing to do . it's	it said " during countdown " , do you know what happens during countdown ? the countdown for propelling you into space is no lullaby let me tell you .

1 the javanese alphabet , when recited in order , forms a poem	roses are red violets are blue you can't speak javanese so go fuck you .

1 during argentina's dictatorship , opponents to the regime were drugged , flown out over the atlantic , and pushed out of planes alive with weights attached to their feet so	this happened in chile too , during augusto pinochet's reign .

1 the voice actor of futurama's fry was also the original voice for nickelodeon's doug - and that he hated the disney version of doug	to put it simply , billy west voiced my childhood .

1 as the roman empire crumbled , conservative romans blamed the situation on society abandoning its traditional gods and following christianity	shitting on christianity and conservatives in one historically accurate sentence ? it's like a reddit dream come true .
2 man , i just thought it was an interesting piece of trivia about ancient rome , which i'm interested in . i didn't interpret it as politically loaded at all	reddit can turn anything into an anti-republican / marijuana prohibition circlejerk .

1 in 1787 a man was hanged for deserting and re-enlisting in the british army 47 times , in order to get the large bounty obtained upon joining the army .	very british reaction to his little trick . " think you're clever , you cheeky shit ? "

1 : many of the most badass lines in the movie 300 were real historical quotes ; and that dry , blunt wit has been named after that region of grece	" if " - some bad ass spartan saying the most bad ass quote in history
2 " sir , permission to leave the station . " " for what purpose , master chief ? " " to give the covenant back their bomb . "	at first i was like " fuck yeah chief that was a dope line . " then i realised chief is a spartan and i can't upvote this enough .

1 edge of tomorrow , adapted from all you need is kill by hiroshi sakurazaka , who was inspired from his experience from playing video games ; when getting stuck on	this was a really good movie , but the original title " edge of tomorrow " really does not make sense until you watch the movie - _ -
2 well , neither does 12 monkeys . let's just change that title to " time traveling convect maybe "	john mcconvect

1 in 2003 and 2004 boycotts of the sponsors of the masters golf tournament ensued due to their men-only club rule . the golf club responded by dropping all three of	it's their own private tournament and they should have the freedom to run it as they see fit .
2 would you say the same if the tournament banned blacks or gays ?	where is my membership card to phi rho eta ? how about my membership to the congressional black caucus ?

1 a roman dictator , cincinnatus , was made a dictator while he was plowing his fields . after saving rome from rival tribes , he humbly returned to his farm	george washington is called the american cincinnatus .

1 psychologist george m . stratton in the 1890 ' s wore glasses that made him see everything upside down and after 5 days his brain adapted and he was seeing	its crazy he was able to adapt after the critical period was passed for visual development . i wonder how much of the compensation mechanisms were cognitive .

1 gps devices are programmed to automatically shut off if they detect themselves to be traveling more than 1,200 mph at a attitude of more than 60,000 ft , just in	i feel like they should transmit those co-ordinates to the un or something

1 if you were an ancient roman , and you had a slave that was raped , you could attempt to prosecute the rapist for " property damage " .	makes sense . your property was damaged , so you can sue for property damage . what's the problem here ?

1 all germans who are officially registered as catholics , protestants or jews pay a religious tax of 8-9 % on their annual income tax bill	same in sweden , but only for christians . you are automatically enrolled at birth and have the apply to leave . also , everybody have to pay a small
2 > you are automatically enrolled at birth and have the apply to leave . this hasn't been true for 17 years now . nowadays , you need to actually be	for even longer . 26 and never been a member .

1 in the bullet trains 45 year service there have been zero deaths from derailment and collisons .	someone must have stumped it with a riddle .
2 blaine is in no mood for your frivolity .	blaine is such a pain .

1 lego has no military related sets because the inventor's policy was to not want to make war seem like child's play	good man .

1 the actor who played lord farquaad in shrek the musical was 6 ' 2 " . he played the entire role on his knees , earning him his second tony	the article clearly states he was a two time tony nominee . he has never actually won one .

1 in 2013 a heatwave of 86 ° f killed 760 people in britain .	before the inevitable ' that's not even hot compared to where i live ' comments : 1 . we have no air conditioning - only 0.5 % of houses and
2 what is the normal high temperatures in summer in britain ?	anywhere between 25-30 c is considered hot , above 30-32 is usually the peak and that's only for a day or two at the height of summer .

1 dylan mcdermott ( american horror story ) who appears to be in his 30 ' s is actually 51 .	that's like the older brother on hannah montana was portraying an 18 year old but was actually in his 30s ...

1 humans can survive indefinitely on a diet of just potatoes and butter	repost of a repost of a repost ... well done , go drown in your karma .

1 futurama has had four designated series finales , due to the recurringly uncertain future of the series . " the devil's hands are idle playthings " , " into the	will it come back , again ?
2 i understand that this isn't a popular opinion , but the comedy central run was pretty painful , to me . i'll always love the original run of the show	a lot of people want it to stay dead , not me . even frankenstein episodes of futurama are better than 99 % or the crap on tv these days

1 palmolive soap was named that because it was entirely made from palm and olive oil .	this is an ad

1 rolling stones drummer , charlie watts , was sleeping one day , when mick jagger phoned drunk to watts ' hotel room asking where was his drummer . watts got	as a shitty drummer i cannot relate .

1 the body fat of a 440 lbs woman caught fire during cremation and almost destroyed the entire facility . because of this , new crematories are being built to hold	thin privilege is being cremated without making a massive amount of smoke .
2 thin privilege is not having crematorium shitlord flames discriminate against mah curvez	but muh genetics

1 u2 pilots were given cyanide suicide pills . after a pilot almost accidentally ingested a suicide pill instead of candy during a flight , the suicide pills were put into	don't all u2 pilots have vertigo ?

1 scientology isn't legally considered a religion in all countries . switzerland identifies it as a commercial enterprise , france and chile as a cult , and norway as a non-profit	terrorise the irs and its employees until you get your religious status . only in america .

1 higher intelligence has been linked to unconventional sexual practices aswell as frequent sexual fantasies and thoughts .	you know what else correlates strongly with higher intelligence and with unconventional sexual practices ? age

1 one unique danger of working in a tryworks ( whaling industry furnace ) was that a rotting pregnant whale could fill with gas and burst , " ejecting a fetus	imagine that obituary : here lies william shepard , crushed to death by a flying whale fetus . rest in peace
2 don't forget we're talking south georgia . * here lies cletus * * killed by a fetus * * and when we die * * he'll be there to meet	the story is about south georgia , the country , not the state in the u . s .

1 in the united states , the star denoting the main entry floor of a building is mandated by law .	there is a wikipedia article for everything , ever .

1 when neil armstrong first walked on the moon , he carried with him a piece from the wright brothers ' first airplane	what was it , sixty years ? seventy ? amazing to think there were people alive to experience both .
2 my mom has mentioned a couple time that her grandmother was alive to see cross-country transportation go from covered wagons ( as in , she actually traveled in one )	1900 ' s were crazy in terms of innovations .. lets hope these next 100 year will be the same !

1 when macaroni and cheese's ingredients became widely accessible in north america , the fancy upperclass restaurants stopped serving it .	of course they did ; rarity makes things easier to mark up , and makes people think it's worth paying for . edit : its funny that my most upvoted
2 lobster used to be a poor mans food .	served to prisoners

1 the body fat of a 440 lbs woman caught fire during cremation and almost destroyed the entire facility . because of this , new crematories are being built to hold	it caught fire . ... during cremation . i thought that was the point .
2 fun fact , the flame never touches the body during cremation . the idea is to heat the retort to 1400 - 1700 degrees , hot enough to evaporate organic	more like an incinerator then ? no smoke , just conversion to ash ?
3 conversion to skeleton . the skeleton is then broken down into ash .	by strapping chaps with handlebar mustaches and sledgehammers , no doubt ?

1 in 1973 , after the who's drummer keith moon passed out on stage , pete townshend asked the crowd , ' can anybody play the drums ... i mean somebody	i'm proud to say scott halpin is from my hometown .

1 , to prove that stomach ulcers were caused by bacteria and not stress , a scientist drank a beaker of the bacterium . he both developed stomach ulcers and won	ha , this was a passage on my mcat . and another til about cats surviving a fall from any height because of terminal velocity . til that aamc reads

1 a man renovated a three story hotel specifically to kill people . it included stairways to nowhere and a maze of over 100 windowless rooms . he killed as many	sounds like the movie the collection .
2 that is the one with the bugs right ?	yes and no .
3 okay yeah . that is an awesome movie !	the club scene was pretty awesome .

1 : swiss male citizens who are found unfit for mandatory military service ( unless they have a disability ) are required to pay 3 % more income tax until the	sounds pretty damn sexist .

1 richard dean anderson was made an honorary air force brigadier general for his role as jack o'neil on stargate sg - 1 .	all of the stargate series were amazing . i wish netflix would bring them back .

1 lisa lampanelli promised to donate $ 1,000 dollars to gay men's health crisis for every memeber of westboro baptist church that protested her show on may 20 , 2011 in	she also adopted a horse , which she named parker ( short for sarah jessica parker ) .

1 there were 6 assassins sent to kill archduke franz ferdinand and 1 of them threw a bomb that exploded under the wrong car . his assassination failed , he took	the bad assassin . the terrible suicidal .

1 samuel l . jackson got rid of his stutter by developing an affinity for the word " motherfucker "	... do you speak it ? ! ? !

1 the current director of the fbi keeps a copy of the fbi request to wiretap martin luther king , jr . , " as a reminder of the bureau's capacity	my instinct is to perceive this as a feel good / pat this guy on the head kind of story . but part of me wants to resist .
2 stop resisting ! ! * clubs / u / up_my_butt upside the head with a flashlight *	a club up there , huh ? that would be new ( ͡ o ͜ ʖ ͡ o )

1 when laura bush was 17 , she ran a stop sign and hit / killed her ex-boyfriend . she was not charged .	you don't watch enough family guy
2 john lithgow is brad pitt's uncle .	trinity . lithgow is awesome .

1 rastas believe the burning of the herb is often said to be essential , " for it will sting in the hearts of those that promote and perform evil and	they also believed the dictator of ethiopia was the embodiment of god .

1 anyone can become president ! as long as you're taller than average .	1812 5 ' 4 " james madison defeats 6 ' 3 " dewitt clinton .

1 the church of satan doesn't even believe in the devil , but merely in embracing one's carnal self .	well the name " church of satan " is completely and im assuming deliberately misleading .

1 rick allen , the drummer for def leppard , lost his arm after a car accident in 1984 . he thought he could never play in the band again and	you * just * learned this ? i remember when it happened ! til i'm old .
2 how old are you ?	42 . young enough that old people tell me i'm old , but old enough that there aren't so many of those old people any more .

1 hobos had an ethical code that included " boiling up " as often as possible and making an effort to convince runaways to return home .	i love this ethical code . the last rule to the code is > help your fellow hobos whenever and wherever needed , you may need their help someday .
2 the golden rule of ethics seems to have a place in every system of values i know . " treat others the way you'd like to be treated if you	people often forget the " if you were in their place , " so it isn't as good . that always bothered me . what if they don't want to

1 king zog of albania survived 55 assasination attempts	who takes shots at a guy called zog ?

1 paris hilton's grandfather donated 97 % of the hilton family fortune to charity and is embarrassed of his granddaughter	69 million aint so bad for the rest of the family .

1 the " slow puncture " , a form of punishment in south african prisons among inmates , consisting in the rape by a person with aids .	i recommend reading that whole article . poorly cited but really interesting . they take prison gangs really seriously over there . does anyone know if there's a documentary or

1 the flinstones was originally sponsored by winston cigarettes , and was intended for adults .	are you in my business 101 class ? ...

1 alan moore created rorschach of the watchmen as an insult to steve ditko's similar characters the question and mr . a , calling ditko's objectivist philosophies " laughable . "	people find those who are uncompromising pretty compelling .
2 indeed . an ideology can be perverse and compelling at the same time . i don't see a " failure to understand " in that . we aren't failing to	no , no , everyone is stupid but me cuz i'm deep and get stuff .
3 cool story , alan moore .	man , watch what you say about alan moore . he's a wizard , he'll turn you into a newt or something .

1 super bowl champion and pro bowl mvp qb joe theismann spent his first year in the nfl as a punt returner .	confirmed : tavon austin and cordarrelle patterson the next elite super bowl winning quarterbacks .
2 i'm okay with this	me too

1 in 1927 several million people in the united states sent over 100,000 petitions urging congress to adopt the metric system .	that ends up being 100 kilo-petitions for those not in the united states .
2 the british's system is even more fucked up tho , they use miles for distance , pints for beers , and stones for weight ... but for everything else like	informally canada's pretty messed up too . someone may be 5 ' 7 " tall while living 10km from the grocery store where they'll buy a pound of butter ,
3 oh come on if you're going to keep anything in imperial form then a gallon of milk is the best option .	yeah well , [ these things ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Milk_bags ) come in 4/3 l bags , and there's three of them in a bigger bag and that's just the way

1 the only japanese survivor of the titanic was branded a coward in japan for having dishonored himself by not going down with the ship .	for a country so big on honor they sure did a lot of rapey shit in wwii .
2 thats the fun part , the honor only includes the japanese . everyone else is subhuman . rules don't apply to them .	fun game

1 the creator of the gif file type pronounces gif like ' jif '	some people pronounce gif not as ' jif ' . i'm actually quite surprised .

1 einstein was stopped so much in public , he would reply , " pardon me , sorry ! always i am mistaken for professor einstein . "	another brilliant idea , einstein ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ilsAhoHCnY4&t=1m3s

1 sling bullets from the siege of perusia ( 41 bc ) have been found with phrases on them such as " catch " , " take this " , and	oh humans ... we really haven't changed much in the last 4000 years
2 what has been will be again , what has been done will be done again ; there is nothing new under the sun . - ecclesiastes 1:9 or war ,	war has changed . - solid snake
3 war : what is it good for ? - edwin starr	i thought that was tolstoy .

1 there are " exploding ants " that suicidally explode to spread poison on their enemies if their friends need help in combat .	* banelings ! *

1 the name " vermont " likely comes from french " les verts monts " , meaning " the green mountains "	wouldn't it be " les monts verts " in french ? adjective before the noun is an english / germanic thing .
2 you're right but i'm confused as the french for mountain is actually montagne not mont	french seems to have both , apparently : https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/mont#French

1 e . t . , blade runner , star trek ii : the wrath of kahn , poltergeist , and the thing were all released on the same month and	and megaforce ! don't forget megaforce !

1 up until 1978 , the mormon church taught that blacks were once an evil race of jews who were colored by god for their wickedness .	[ here's a list of 101 crazy things morons believe ] ( http://theageofblasphemy.wordpress.com/2012/10/08/101-insane-crazy-and-secretive-beliefs-of-mormons/ )
2 dum , dum , dum , dum , dum .	martin harris ?

1 the f - 22 raptor ( to replace the f - 15 eagle in the us air force around 2025 ) has a cost of around 150 million ( 2009	if you want fuel economy , go fly an a - 10 . if you want sheer performance , fly an f - 22 !

1 antonio di natale took financial responsibility for the disabled sister of a teammate who had died during the middle of a game .	this was two years ago , nice gesture nonetheless .

1 the entire goldeneye 007 game on n64 is only 12 mb .	[ . kkrieger is unimpressed ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.kkrieger ) .

1 . cameron diaz advocates urinating outdoors or during a shower because it conserves electricity and water .	and she went to high school with snoop dogg ( snoop lion ) ! [ link ] ( http://www.usmagazine.com/celebrity-news/news/cameron-diaz-i-bought-weed-from-snoop-dogg-2011201 )

1 manual gearboxes are lighter , cheaper , give better performance and fuel efficiency . they are the most common type everywhere besides north america and australia .	with newer cars , this isn't always the case . http://www.edmunds.com/fuel-economy/five-myths-about-stick-shifts.html
2 what they're neglecting to mention is a lot of those " automatic " transmissions are dual clutch transmissions . basically computer operated manuals . that's why they're getting better fuel	auto honda civic gets better mileage than manual .

1 : the world record for alcohol consumption is by andre the giant , who drank 156 beers in one sitting ( over 73 litres / 16 gallons ) .	i wonder how sex would be with him ...

1 rick james had alprazolam , diazepam , bupropion , citalopram , hydrocodone , digoxin , chlorpheniramine , methamphetamine and cocaine in his blood at the time of his autopsy .	isn't mixing benzos and opiods one of the biggest drug no-nos ?
2 ... meth by itself * isn't * a big no-no ?	using meth once will not kill you . using benzos and opioids together once very well might .

1 between contemplating suicide and undergoing surgery with a 50 % chance of death actor christopher reeves was interrupted by robin williams disguised as a doctor claiming he was to give	hey hey there was a 50 % chance of survival negative nancy

1 on april 27 , 1861 , the writ of habeas corpus was unilaterally suspended by president abraham lincoln in maryland during the american civil war	when most of the state wanted to leave the union lincoln did what he could to keep maryland in the union . bruce cattons book " this hallowed ground "

1 tim burton was originally uncomfortable with casting christopher walken in batman returns , on the basis that the actor " scared him . "	you've really gotta be messed up to scare tim burton ...
2 honestly , i don't think tim burton is an especially scary guy , or even that into spooky stuff . i think that his career just got associated with it	i concur . if you look at a lot of his films he combines musical / camp with scary . it's a formula that has worked over and over for

1 wimbledon finalist andy murray is a survivor of the dunblane school massacre where 17 adults and children were killed and that his mother gave the killer lifts in her car	cue the huge gun debate etc . for those who don't know this is the event that led to britain being effectively gun free .

1 . cameron diaz advocates urinating outdoors or during a shower because it conserves electricity and water .	i thought it was normal to pee in the shower ... have i been doing it wrong all my life ? !

1 patrick stewart , while he was going bald in his teens , believed no woman would ever be interested in him again , and gave up on the idea of	do women really find a mans hair to be important ?
2 honestly ? the only hair issue women i know hate are obvious combovers - those are horrible ! long , short , super short , bald - - all are	i always figured comb-overs would be a bigger deterrent than being bald lol .

1 a us circuit court decided that nancy grace " played fast and loose " with her ethical duties in her lawyer days , and that she " demonstrated her disregard	fuck everything about this cunt .
2 except her cunt , because it might eat you .	( ╯ ° □ ° ) ╯ ︵ ┻ ━ ┻
3 ┬ ─ ┬ ノ ( º _ ºノ )	hey , you're stealing / u / pleaserespecttables job !

1 frank zappa's grammy-winning album jazz from hell received a " parental advisory " sticker even though it is a collection of instrumental pieces and contains no lyrics at all .	tipper gore ... is a whore !

1 george lucas gave mel brooks his blessing to make spaceballs on the condition that no action figures be made , as they could be confused with actual star wars toys	it was always about the toys .

1 when it was revealed that richard bachman was a pen name used by stephen king , about the author blurbs on the books said that bachman died suddenly of "	in " thinner " ( written as bachman ) one of the characters says something along the lines of " this is some stephen king shit " after paranormal stuff
2 he's actually * in * one of the dark tower books . dude's crazy	some people consider that a strong conceit , but it sort of does work in terms of how the story progress .

1 at age 24 , thomas müller has now scored 8 goals in 7 world cup matches .	that's great . guess we can put klose in now right ?

1 wtf ! did you guys realize that the transbay bart tube sits on top of the bay floor ?	once construction of the tube was complete , and prior to the tunnels being electrified ( lights / 3rd rail ) , the tube was opened to the public for
2 also , they shot part of thx 1138 down there .	that movie is a trip . have an upvote .

1 ozzy osbourne once got so wasted before a meeting with the german head of cbs europe , he left thinking he had ' lightened the mood ' with a striptease	ozzy seems to have a limitless supply of urine .
2 you enjoy that , boy ? cockney u-rine all o'er yer face ? that was a bad time for you , wasn't it boy ? don't worry though . i	wat .

1 : all defendants of the nuremberg trials were given iq tests . they had an average iq of 128 . most notably ; hermann goering scored a 138 , arthur	makes perfect sense , regardless of what you may think of nazi germany you can't do what they did without intelligent people running things .

1 the new york city water supply system leaks at a rate of up to 36 million us gallons ( 140,000 m3 ) per day .	nyc also has no systems in place for treating pathogens in its water .
2 how do people not get sick ?	he's wrong , they use chlorine and uv light . what they don't have to do is filter the water because the source is exceptionally clean and that is something

1 comedian andy kaufman once played a show at carnegie hall , afterword he loaded the entire audience into twenty four buses and took them all out for milk and cookies	yeah , before we had ggg , we had good guy andy kaufman .

1 shakuntala devi , an indian mental calculator , was asked to give the 23rd root of a 201 - digit number ; she answered in 50 seconds . her answer	and if you like her work but aren't really a " math person " you should check out her book on homosexuality , now that will blow your mind .

1 actor matthew broderick killed 2 women due to careless driving in 1987 while on holiday in ireland . he was ordered to pay $ 175 and served no time in	that is pretty horrible , but do you really think that someone who accidentally kills someone else should go to prison ? it was an accident , there's nothing to

1 jackie chan is a successful , famous singer in asia . since 1984 , he has released 20 studio albums and numerous singles including " i'll make a man out	back in the day , most chinese / korean / taiwanese superstars have the ability to sing , dance and act ... aka triple threat .

1 in japan , houses depreciate like cars , and after as little as 20 years are considered worthless enough to be demolished and replaced .	well , under us tax law , a building is assuming to last 27 year from date of purchase . of course , if you sell it , the clock
2 most appraisers are taught to use a 65 year effective life for houses . improvements and remodeling can reduce the effective age , while letting your car use the floor	you forgot to account for the 10 years worth of inflation .

1 not just one , but two wars were started because someone threw someone out of a window in prague .	so ... did the king really die from the shock of it all ?

1 , lang hancock ( gina rinehart's father ) suggested forcing aboriginals - to collect their welfare cheques from a central location : " and when they had gravitated there ,	this is a pretty big family of assholes .

1 vermont abolished slavery in 1777 , while still an independent nation . this means vermont was both the first state , and the first nation in the americas to abolish	did the native americans have slaves ?

1 matt stone & trey parker had people warn them that there would be mormon protests surrounding their musical " the book of mormon " , but the church has had	i can see that . from what i've heard , the book of mormon isn't that anti-mormon ; it seems to make fun of parts of it while not just
2 there are portions that it would be very easy to take offense to .	hasa diga eebowai !

1 the unabomber agreed to stop planting bombs , if his manifesto was published in a major newspaper . when penthouse agreed to publish it , he changed his terms such	i wouldn't consider penthouse to be a " major " newspaper . now , playboy while not a major newspaper , has been known for a few good news stories
2 chuck palahniuk wrote a number of short stories that were published in playboy iirc .	kurt vonnegut's welcome to the monkey house was published in playboy .

1 the man third in succession for the presidency of the united states once pried a live grenade from his arm after it had been blown off and then continued to	after he got home , he walked into a barbershop in oakland * in a ribbon-encrusted uniform , * with a hook where his hand used to be . he
2 that barber clearly did not know who he was speaking with . it's a good thing mr . inouye seemed like he was in a good mood that day or	> ... or there might not be an oakland at all today . we can still dream ...
3 i am not an american , what's wrong with oakland ?	dan johnson

1 the first human cardiac catheterization was done by werner forssmann who , after failing to get permission from his department chief , anesthetized his arm , inserted a catheter into	pic or it didn't happen

1 keanu reeves had suffered from and undergone surgery for two-level fusion of the cervical spine which had been slowly paralyzing his legs , only a few months before filming for	keanu has had a really , really sad life if you read a little into him . it's pretty hard stuff .
2 when you live more than 100 years you probably going to experience some shit	keep going http://i.imgur.com/ou8aVXS.jpg
3 its like everyone keeps forgetting he has a time machine .	i know right ? kids these days

1 angelina jolie purchased 60,000 hectares of cambodian land that was infiltrated by poachers and turned it into a wildlife reserve . some of the former poachers were employed as rangers	she adopted two kids from cambodia too . i bet you she is a cambodian in disguise .

1 fans of sesame street have complained that elmo's popularity has caused some older characters to receive less screen time .	i loved prairie dawn when i was a kid . is she still around ? i feel that when elmo got big , zoe became the cute , little girl
2 prairie dawn and zoe are both pains in the ass . so is telly . barkley is the best .	barkley ! ! !

1 11 year old james dean was sexually abused by a minister and had a sexual relationship with a methodist pastor in his teenage years .	for some reason , it seems like gay kids are often recognized and victimized from a young age :(
2 this strikes me as quite biased — it presumes both that children have a sexual preference and that it existed before the traumatizing molestation . this thinking is unhealthy and	children don't have sexuality ? it's obviously not mature sexuality - but i definitely was attracted to men well before puberty . are you implying that molestation alters sexual orientation

1 25 years ago on this day a us guided missile cruiser attacked a civillian iranian airliner killing all 290 passengers including 66 children . us government never apologised for this	of course they wouldn't . those civilians must've been all terrorists , and the us is fighting terrorism , don't you understand ?

1 during the cold war the us seriously considered dropping a nuclear bomb on the moon as a show of military superiority .	russia actually had a plan to do the same at the same time we wanted to nuke the moon , but never went through with it either .

1 when napoleon emancipated the jews he stated that " i will never accept any proposals that will obligate the jewish people to leave france , because to me the jews	for some reason i initially read hitler instead of napolean and was wholly confused .

1 sassafras , the tree that gives us root beer , also contains the oils which produces ecstasy	this is my favorite tree to cut down . smells so good . also , a big fuck-you to piss elm .

1 bill paxton is the only actor to be killed by a terminator , alien and predator .	did anyone else love ' a bright shining lie ' ? sad that it was only a tv movie .
2 was that the vietnam film he did ? if so , pretty good movie .	yep and yep .

1 the infinite monkey theorem , stating that monkeys with typewriters and enough time could produce the entire works of shakespeare , has been tried out in real life . they	i'm pretty sure the " * * infinite * * monkey theorem " has never been tried out .
2 i was going to ask ... where did they find infinite monkeys ?	the more important aspect is the infinite time . in infinite time any probability becomes a reality at some point meaning one monkey will at some point make those works
3 not a fact , it is possible that all the monkeys type g forever which makes the theorem so great	it's a metaphor to explain randomness over an infinite amount of time . if you take it seriously , you'd have to also assume the monkeys have an environment that

1 gas in venezuela cost 0.023 $ / liter	i wonder if thats a mistype ... other sources say its around 5c / litre ... still the cheapest in the world though .

1 not just one , but two wars were started because someone threw someone out of a window in prague .	kek

1 walmart only sells clean versions of albums and if an artist refuses to make a clean version walmart will not sell it .	but they still sell rated r movies , and mature games .
2 i believe because the parental advisory stickers aren't like the r or m rating where they can't technically be sold to minors .	stores are free to enforce whatever age limits they want , when i was younger i tried to buy some $ 5 rap cds at hmv and got turned away

1 : j . k . rowling lost her billionaire status because she donated so much of her money to charity .	eh . she's still a billionaire in my book .

1 the male angler fish exists solely to find a female and fuse his body with hers .	> the male then slowly atrophies , first losing his digestive organs , then his brain , heart , and eyes , and ends as nothing more than a pair
2 how is this any different from marriage	good wives don't steal their husbands balls . then again if a guy has balls she shouldn't be walking all over him .

1 4chan tracked down the identity of a cat abuser after the 14 y / o uploaded a video on youtube resulting in his arrest	i remember this one thread where some edge fag was posting dead cats .

1 a tsa officer once said to peter moore ( former ceo of sega ): " i don't need to see your passport . you're the asshole that gave away shenmue	he let him go ? what kind of fucking fan is that ?
2 seriously . if i was that tsa agent i would have given that guy a cavity search with wool gloves on .	brillo pad gloves .

1 former wwe wrestler kurt angle fractured two vertebrae during the 1996 olympic trials , herniating two discs and pulling four muscles , but still went on to win the trials	wrestling is one of the toughest , grittiest practices on the planet . it is much more than just a mere game of placing another's shoulder blades on the mat

1 there was a " back to the future " animated series that ran from 1991-1992 . the show was not popular , but it featured live-action segments where christopher lloyd	yeah , and it was my favorite show on saturday morning as a kid !

1 canada has a legitimate throne for when the king or queen of canada visits , otherwise held by the governor general .	... and in the case of legal proceedings the federal government is known as " the crown " . it's pretty awesome actually .
2 not really , just shows that we are not a legitimate nation , separate from another .	how in the fuck does this show that we aren't a legitimate nation ?

1 you could get fined $ 2500 per egg for importing kinder eggs to the us	can someone explain this to me ? from what i can read on the linked wiki article importing to sell is illegal but simply bringing some home with you without

1 on several occasions , harrison ford has personally provided emergency helicopter services at the behest of local authorities , in one instance rescuing a hiker overcome by dehydration in jackson	best part of it is the huffington post article entitled " harrison ford discusses piloting his beaver into the bush "
2 former newspaper guy here , we totally do that on purpose .	no , really ? ? ?

1 mr . rogers made a legendary emmy acceptance speech that shut everybody up	what an awesome man he was .

1 when bono was 14 , his mother died at her father's funeral	apparently bono wears the sunglasses all the time because he suffers from glaucoma . i feel a bit guilty as i always thought he was a bit of a tit
2 douchey sunglasses don't help glaucoma . he's just an asshole . there are over 3 million people in the us with glaucoma and they don't all insist on wearing sunglasses	seriously just smoke weed like everyone else with glaucoma

1 when louis rèard introduced the bikini in france in 1946 , no models were willing to wear such revealing swimwear , so rèard had to hire a stripper to model	this is how the link title split in to on my screen > ... no models were willing to wear such revealing swimwear , so rèard had to * *
2 http://i.imgur.com/s6IsDtW.jpg edit : sorry for the low quality .	these are just pictures of women with giant breasts .
3 and 1 man with small breasts . boom ! ! dee slam ! ! !	too easy .

1 for centuries there was a class of slave-soldier called the mamluks . they were so powerful , free men would sell themselves into slavery hoping to join them . also	sounds similar to the night's watch .

1 two of the moons in our solar system ( ganymede & titan ) are actually larger than the planet mercury .	i think it's fascinating that jupiter is just a hair over 1/10 the radius of the sun . that's actually kinda mind-blowing to me .

1 lsd has been shown to treat alcoholism five times more effectively than alcoholics anonymous .	i'm living proof that lsd cured my alcoholism and actually another vice i had , which was oxycontin . i feel like it made me realize , i didn't really
2 you mean 2 and a half years on lsd ...	more like 2 and half years opiate / alcohol free . during this time i have tripped maybe three or four times .

1 tony hawk has an i . q . of 144	you'll probably find that it's very common for extremely high performers to also be very intelligent . you generally don't get to be the best by accident or sheer willpower
2 mike tyson	there are times when he is actually extremely well spoken . other times he's clearly completely insane .

1 james cameron sought hollywood funding for the movie titanic not because he wanted to make the movie , but because he " wanted to dive to the shipwreck . "	" you know , i've always wanted to see the titanic wreck . " " james , you can't afford to just * dive to the titanic . * you're

1 the final words of terry kath ( from the band chicago ) were " don't worry , it's not loaded " whilst playing with guns	i've often had that experience with " don't worry i flipped the circuit breaker , it's dead . "

1 in 14 years and 14 seasons of trying to become the greatest pokemon master , ash ketchum has still never gotten past the semi-finals of the pokemon league .	for anyone who is saying anything about ash still being 10 after 14 years .. http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mcq5aqYldJ1rio57ao1_500.jpg

1 juventus now holds the record of lost ec \ cl finals ( 6 )	we lost the record :( congrats to juve .

1 while filming " the passion of the christ " jim caviezel , the actor that played jesus , was struck by lightning along with the assistant director , who was	checkmate , atheists

1 of the solomon curve . the safest speed to travel at is five miles over the speed limit .	except on ice .

1 the current flag of the usa was designed by a 17 year old for a school project . he received a b -	i also watch american pickers

1 public nudity in oregon is legal as long as you're not aroused .	what's sad is if i was breaking the law no one would know .

1 daryl hall and john oates of hall and oates met in an elevator at a band competition while fleeing gunfire from gang warfare .	they were haulin ' oats out if there

1 50 % of the worlds golf courses are in the united states	and this is surprising to you because ...

1 the skeleton crew isolated for 6 months in the south pole station every winter traditionally watch a double feature of the thing and the shining after the last flight leaves	wintering over in antarctica ( preferably at south pole station ) is on my bucket list . anyone know how to make this happen ? currently in afghanistan with an

1 40 percent of all wikipedia vandalism is detected by a single bot . it has only 0.1 % false positives .	i think i've seen this [ before ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Skynet_%28Terminator%29 ) ?

1 harvard is such a wealthy college that by spending less than 1 % of its endowment , it could provide free tuition to all students for a year .	they're also in debt for more than 17.4 times that as of 2013 . so it's not all gravy : http://johnhcochrane.blogspot.com/2014/03/university-debt.html edit : mixed percentage points with billions of dollars
2 you might want to take a second look at the amounts . their endowment is 5.7 times their debt .	one can owe money and still be in the black . what's your point ?
3 but ... you seem to think being in debt is a bad thing ...	no , it's just more information to give additional depth . i fail to understand why it's met with such disapproval .

1 fred phelps of the westboro baptists church was a life-long democrat , running for office repeatedly and serving as a delegate for al gore in the 1988 democrat presidential primary	holy shit , this actually made front page .

1 there was an all girl band that would throw a ' golden condom ' to the audience , and whoever got it , male or female , was taken backstage	that's one way to get people to come to your concert
2 wtf was op googling to get to this point ! ?	it is a repost , has been posted on reddit many times .

1 in the men in black comics they killed witnesses rather than erase their memory	mib 3 is gonna be badass ! http://starzuncut.com/2011/12/13/men-in-black-3-official-trailer-2012-movie/

1 the us women's national team has finished in 1st , 2nd or 3rd in every fifa world cup	soccer in america is the premier women's sport , which sadly doesn't mean to much

1 led zeppelin's name came from an insult from members of the who , commenting that jimmy page's new project would " go down like a lead balloon " .	also pink floyd's band name came from a combination of the two blue's musicians pink anderson and floyd council . they were also originally called the pink floyd sound but

1 tucker max offered $ 500,000 to planned parenthood to name an abortion clinic after him .	* * til til is extremely biased and references wikipedia , that references a dailybeast article , that references a forbes article . * * planned parenthood wouldn't take the
2 calm down .	no bro , * you * calm down . i just care about the integrity of a default subreddit . this is pretty much anti-tucker max propaganda . i don't

1 some catholics urged pope clement vii to ban coffee , calling it " devil's beverage " . after tasting the beverage , the pope is said to have remarked that	i like coffee but i have a hard time believing that anyone tasting it for the first time would consider it " delicious . "
2 here , here . it's like beer , no one likes it the first time .	now days , yeah . i'm not so sure if you've never ever drank soda or modern fruit juice .

1 a nepalese sherpa climbed to the summit of mount everest from base camp in just over 8hrs .	just to compare , foreigners generally take that long to * ascend * from high camp ( camp iv ) to the summit .

1 a theoretical data transmission of 37,000 gbit / s is possible through flying a boeing 747 with blu-ray discs from la to ny .	personally , i fill my 747 to the brim with [ these ] ( http://i.imgur.com/GTdrE.jpg ) when i want the best bandwidth .
2 total gigabytes : capacity of plane / physical size of card x 64 gb per card = [ 175.3 cu m ] ( http://www.boeing.com/commercial/747family/pf/pf_classics.html ) / ( [ . 015m	yeah , but think of how long it'd take you to get through security .

1 morgan freeman is against black history month	he summarizes his opinion in this video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I3cGfrExozQ

1 in 1994 the writers of toy story concepted wall-e , a bug's life , monster's inc . , and finding nemo all during a single lunch .	concepted ?
2 it's almost as if there should be a verb to mean that instead of trying to convert a noun into a verb . i think that if we put our	develop and conceive both carry the idea of a physical advancement in my opinion . meanwhile concept is all about coming up with the idea . not do anything about
3 " conceive " is about coming up with the idea as well . in fact , conceive and concept are both " the same word " ( or same lemma	oh : 0 well thank you very much ! i'll go to sleep with a slightly more important knowledge today :D

1 odds of being attacked by a candiru ( penis invading fish ) are " about the same as being struck by lightning while simultaneously being eaten by a shark .	and yet i'll still look up their natural habitat to avoid going there .

1 tickling was a form of torture used in ancient china on nobility because it left no mark and recovery was quick .	i believe they call that " fluffy fingers " .

1 canada has specifically banned members of the westboro baptist church from entering the country .	even though they are morons they should have every right to free speech . what if a country band a group of people whose message was love and peace .
2 freedom of speech is cool but common sense is better	i have actually been mulling this over for so long . such a simple sentence with a surprisingly complex meaning .

1 rep . tom moore jr . once submitted legislation to the texas legislature in favor of honoring notorious murderer albert desalvo “ for his work in ‘ population control ’	could he jokingly submit a bill to put wall street in jail for the 2008 crash ?

1 dr . pepper is the oldest soda still selling in the us . it predates coca-cola by 1 year .	* * oldest major soft drink , not oldest soda , as the_karma_initiative pointed out . thank you for the info !
2 i wouldn't necessarily call ginger ale a soda so dr . pepper is the oldest soda in the us still sold . never mind it is a soda .	ginger ale is a soda , though , so you're simply incorrect . also , even if for some outlandish reason you didn't count ginger ale , moxie is still

1 humans taste like veal	no , today you learned somebody else thinks humans taste like veal , you haven't tasted humans so you haven't learnt what they taste like .

1 cosmo is over a hundred years old and started out as a literary magazine containing stories and articles from nobel prize winners sinclair lewis , george bernard shaw , and	i guess its name made a lot more sense back then .
2 probably has a lot to do with shortening it , too .	ya , cosmo kramer was too long .

1 merchants and traders in ancient china were among the lowest ( shang ) of 4 tiers of occupations due to " the view that they do not produce anything ,	ironically , bureaucrats were much more respected .
2 bureaucrats were selected on a basis of difficult exams . hundreds of thousands of people would apply for these exams and a few hundred would be selected . basically ,	i'm aware , it was a poor attempt at humor .

1 the film " one flew over the cuckoo's nest " was shown in swedish theaters for 11 years straight	fucking creepy . i literally just watched this movie for the first time last night .
2 baader-meinhof i believe that's called .	it is indeed

1 mormons believe that all humans are co-eternal with god and have the potential to become gods themselves .	and god was once a man who worked his way up and is just one of an infinite number of gods .
2 sort of . this isn't highly taught doctrine in the church .	" as man is , god once was . as god is , man may become . " - lorenzo snow , prophet and president of the lds church
3 thanks .	and it's all still 100 % opinion ..

1 matt damon and ben affleck inserted an oral sex scene between the two professors in good will hunting to see which studio executives actually read the script . harvey weinstein	this was an exact plot point in an episode of entourage

1 ryan white , an hiv / aids spokesman in the 80s , was expelled from middle school after contracting hiv from an infected blood transfusion . 117 parents and 50	the 80s were a bitch until medical science got a handle on how hiv was spread . was it only needles ? was it only anal sex ? could straight
2 it was more general than that . what about touch ? coughing , sneezing ? how long did it last out of the body ? so little was known .	it was the whole " how long did it live outside the body " that had lots and lots of people running around scared shitless .

1 rickman has been with his first girlfriend since 1965 - when he was 19 years old	i really thought he was gay

1 hershey's chocolate is flavored with sour-tasting butyric acid , which also gives vomit its aroma . this is why people unaccustomed to american chocolate sometimes compare it to vomit .	itt : redditors , convinced there is no way taste could be subjective .

1 modern japanese card games like yu-gi-oh ! and pokémon were inspired by a much older card game from the edo period which featured creatures from japanese mythology .	ancient game known as magic : the gathering

1 when mr . t was serving in the army , his platoon sergeant punished him by ordering him to chop down trees . however , he did not specify how	reddit has posted this more times than trees were chopped , but we've taken a lot longer to do it .

1 the ' ghost orchid ' has no leaves or stem , and is simply a system of roots when it is not flowering .	the voodoo lily , amorphophallus , is similar . they're subterranean when not in bloom so you wouldnt even know they were there . the botanical garden i had classes

1 the han dynasty of china drilled for natural gas , transported it in pipelines and gas containers and burned it in stoves ... in 200 bc	if the chinese hadn't invented porcelain they would have likely stayed the most advanced civilization on earth . because they invented porcelain for all their needs of making waterproof vessels
2 i've read that the romans might have been able to invent steam power but their slave labor system was so vast and convenient that it never dawned on them there	they invented a steam engine but only as a novelty item .

1 stanley kubrick told journalists to pronounce the " 2001 " in " 2001 : a space odyssey " as " two thousand and one " in the hope that the	the * and * seems unnecessary to me . i say " two thousand one " or " three hundred sixty five " ... no need for an * and

1 even though australia's signed all 5 treaties that make up the the international bill of human rights , none of these treaties are legally binding in australia . they are	and yet , they have just as much , if not more freedoms then the u . s .

1 saint lawrence was martyred by being roasted to death on a gridiron . supposedly , after roasting over a hot fire for a while he said , " i am	" you may turn me over now . " " oh my god that is hysterical ! you are so funny ! i love this guy . " " so
2 anyone else read that in hedonism-bots voice ?	so there i was , laying upon a pile of bodies . then the earthquake happened .

1 : an individual horse has a peak power output of 14.9 horsepower	in automobiles , hp is a derived value anyway . hp = ( torque • rpm ) / 5252 so horses vs horsepower is ( humorously ) no longer a

1 african americans make up 13 % of the american general population , but 42 % of the american homeless population .	get it together , grouch .

1 while lord byron was at university , school regulations prevented him from keeping a dog . in lieu of the dog , byron kept a tame bear on campus .	dat sternocleidomastoid ...

1 an oregon farmer successfully grew a tomacco plant that gave off fruit for 18 months .	oregon represent !
2 whuddup beaverton .	p-town !

1 preventing an abort of the apollo 11 mission has been attributed to the work of margaret hamilton , the lead flight software designer for project apollo . she was 31	that's badass . i once wrote an algorithm in excel that saved time for the company once . that's comparable , * right * ?
2 no joke , a friend of mine once found out his wife and the other managers at her company spent * hours * every month doing some complicated bullshit in	well , in the land of the blind , the one-eyed man is king .

1 the director of cannibal holocaust was arrested and charged with murder shortly after its release because the courts genuinely believed the actors had been killed on camera .	even though no * person * was actually killed , the film crew killed six animals on-screen which got the film banned in a few countries and pissed off a
2 i hope they ate them at least . every meat eater should kill their meal once in a while .	the native people who were also in the film supposedly ate the animals . the uproar was more about exploiting their deaths for profit . additionally , some of the

1 if you ddos the us government , they can drop bombs on you .	ddos ?
2 distributed denial of service in laymen's : hit a server with so many requests so quickly it shuts down from the overload .	aka what happens when a link to a relatively small website hits the front page of reddit .

1 daryl hall and john oates ( hall & oates ) first met each other in a service elevator of a club , while fleeing from gunfire between two rival gangs	is the title a euphuism ?

1 alfred hitchcock was notoriously hard on actors . he was once quoted as saying , “ actors are cattle ” — a quip that stirred up a huge outcry .	y'know , i know everyone wants to hate on actors here , but all i get from this is that the hitchcock was the most arrogant douchebag on set .

1 it is confirmed there were no weapons of mass destruction in iraq	i wish you and many others had learned this when the usa was preparing to attack iraq ... =/

1 dr pepper is distributed by both pepsi and coca-cola in the united states .	7up also distributes it . downvote if you want , doesn't change the fact .

1 microsoft was forced to invest $ 150 million in apple stock in 1997 . this money revived apple and allowed it to survive .	oh please , what revived apple was music piracy . apple is alive today is because of napster .

1 profits from pink floyds dark side of the moon were invested in the production of monty python and the holy grail	life of brian was also partially funded by [ george harrison ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monty_Python%27s_Life_of_Brian#Production ) . > the film would not have been made without former beatle and python fan
2 i love [ this picture ] ( http://whenyouawake.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/Picture-2.png ) of idle and harrison when they were young .	eric idle looks like an old woman .
3 [ eric idle is a woman ] ( http://img.youtube.com/vi/yPd9pVUwPYA/hqdefault.jpg )	i'd hit it .

1 the word " hello " was first used in 1833 and was only widely accepted and used in the 1860 ' s .	what did they use before hello ?

1 ... in 1977 , a 23 - year old graduate student stumbled upon a compound with effects similar to heroin . he made a bunch and shared it with his	how do you stumble upon a heroin-like compound ? he was doing his laundry and accidentally spilled some chlorine into his codeine milkshake ?

1 the ceo of susan g . komen for the cure makes nearly $ 700k a year , about 25 % more than other non-profits of comparible size , while only	the truth will never reveal itself when the argument turns emotional . i learned this from reddit , btw . the truth is downvoted more often than not .

1 elvis presley flew to denver and back one night just to pick up a fool's gold loaf : an 8,000 calorie sandwich made from a hollowed out loaf filled with	man , look at that sandwich ! that thing is * * huuuge * * !

1 actor and comedian rob riggle was a marine for 23 years , was a lieutenant colonel , and has received a combat award for his service in kosovo , afghanistan	both him and danny mcbride in comedies makes me laugh so god damn hard . him being a bad ass makes him even cooler .
2 was danny mcbride a soldier too ?	no , he just has a line to my funny bone . like rob riggle .
3 true , yeah the ( y're ) hilarious	so close on the copy , added an extra space though . 9/10

1 in 1979 when new york city made it illegal to carry open containers of alcohol in public , the law was pitched to only target the anti-social homeless . a	any power given to the government will be used and abused as frequently as it can be . governments love power , be careful when you give it to them
2 people love the power . assuming that if you give a cop a power he won't abuse basically makes that city councilman an idiot .	no city cop i know wants to hand out open container tickets . they use the open container as an excuse to try to find something worth prosecuting .

1 . in the us , the " we'll be back after these messages " often seen during kid shows of the ' 70s , ' 80s , and ' 90s	that was the signal to go pee and get more cereal .
2 classical pavlovian conditioning .	unclear , pissed in cheerios .
3 is this shitty joke just going to eventually reduce to " piss " ?	... piss .

1 jaguars frequently get high by eating hallucinogenic roots , which also increases their senses for hunting .	dude .. did you see that flying sloth ?

1 arnold schwarzenegger made numerous guest appearances on king of the hill .	obligatory upvote for anything koth

1 the word " ewok " is never spoken by anyone in return of the jedi . mind blown .	ewok is offensive . they prefer the term hairy american .

1 in some countries such as mexico , germany and austria prison escape is not punishable by law if the escaper doesn't break any other laws due to the fact that	the catch : they can still shoot you if you're trying to escape .

1 the flash travelled back in time , became a form of pure energy , and was the very bolt of lightning that gave him powers in the first place .	but why is he ripped ? i never got that ..
2 probably because he can do a full work-out session in a few seconds .	super fast * and * super motivated .

1 : a simese king once fought his brother on the back of elephants in a duel to the death proclaiming " let us fight the elephant battle for our own	" we'd be stupid not to try this ! "

1 the paraguayan war was so catastrophic for the male population of paraguay , there were only 26,000 adult men left alive in the country at the end of the war	26,000 luckiest men alive ! !
2 keep in mind , those 26,000 men were those were excluded from military service , either for physical or mental health reasons , or had dodged or cheated military service	sooo .. the redditors of paraguay ?

1 tina turner is no longer an american citizen . she has passed a german language test and swiss history test and is exclusively a swiss citizen after giving up her	tina turner escaped both death and taxes .
2 today you learned ( tyl ): renouncing us citizenship does * not * exempt you from us taxes . the irs requires you to file us tax returns for 10	so , uh , what are they going to do if she simply decides not to ? send her a strongly worded letter ?
3 basically , anything that's still in the us will be used to pay the debt , and if she ever steps foot on us soil she'll be wesley snipesd .	wesley sniped ?

1 it's only called an acronym when you pronounce the abbreviation as a real word ( ex . nasa ) . otherwise it is known as an initialism ( ex .	an [ acrostic ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acrostic ) is similar but it doesn't have to be the name of something ( i . e . roy g biv ) .
2 [ check out this comment by chewyneko . ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/po3ek/til_its_only_called_an_acronym_when_you_pronounce/c3r2fun )	you know , i used to be really good about that in high school . somehow my brain unlearned it .

1 buzz aldrin punched a moon hoax proponent when he lured him into an interview by claiming it was for a japanese children's television show	it was a beautiful moment captured on film .
2 [ that moment where he socks him ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wptn5RE2I-k ) warms my heart every time i see it :-) .	it makes me laugh every time i see it . guy had it coming .

1 taco bell has tried to enter the mexican market twice , failing both times , even after branding their food " american " food .	don't you worry taco bell ; you have a home in canada .
2 very true , nothing beats a fry supreme .	fry supreme ? ! ?
3 [ fry supreme ] ( http://www.bargainmoose.ca/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/Fries-Supreme.jpg )	this is served at taco bell in canada ?

1 bruce lee used edible marijuana on a regular basis	and he's dead , dead i tell you dead ! ! that's why the devil's weed is so dangerous ! ! / j
2 devil's cabbage *	isn't it the devil's lettuce ?

1 yang ( lenovo's ceo ) received a $ 3 million bonus as a reward for record profits , which he in-turn redistributed to about 10,000 of lenovo's employees . he	the amount of money you get as an employee isn't that much , but it goes a long way in motivation and good will .

1 melinda duckett committed suicide following an interview with nancy grace regarding the disappearance of her son .	why do people watch her ? can someone please explain it to me ? i don't understand .
2 [ this is why . ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQIPmXmcQPE )	as pointed out in the youtube comments , though the dialog in this scene is intelligent , it is so amazingly , abysmally , unrealistic . besides high school football

1 after being forbidden from attempting the first ever heart catheterisation on patients , a surgical intern was fired for performing it on himself . he won a nobel prize for	shit , on himself ? dedication

1 j . d . salinger saw more combat in world war ii than almost any other american . he fought on d-day ( utah beach ) , in the battle	you should submit this to the " badass of the week " website

1 during filming of " super mario bros . " bob haskins ( mario ) and john leguizamo ( luigi ) were so unhappy working on what they knew to be	bad movie or not , i still love that movie .

1 tim duncan future hall of famer refused to enter the nba sacrificing millions , just so he could grant his dead mothers last wish of him graduating and getting a	[ tim duncan is amazing ] ( http://extramustard.si.com/2013/06/06/as-these-23-facts-prove-tim-duncan-is-actually-the-most-entertaining-man-in-the-nba/ )
2 i really don't understand sports illustrated's decision-making process . " we have the most prestigious and esteemed name in sports journalism , one that we have developed over the past	dem clicks doe .

1 the mega mac or double big mac is a 4 patty version of mcdonald's big mac that is available in australia , china , egypt , ireland , japan ,	great , now i want a big mac .

1 king harald of norway vowed to remain unmarried for life unless he could marry his true love , the daughter of a cloth merchant . she became the queen of	people say so much good shit about this guy that i'm starting to doubt i'm getting the full story . is he * really * that awesome ? someone tell
2 the entire royal family are hell bent on never uttering anything remotely provocative - watching live interviews will leave you with the taste of bullshit in your mouth . besides	not to mention she runs a school where she claims you can learn about how to contact angels etc . basically scamming people out of their money .

1 in 1990 , george steinbrenner was banned from baseball for life - only to be reinstated 3 years later .	seinfeld jokes please .

1 there is a satellite orbiting earth that is predicted to re-enter the atmosphere in 8.4 million years , carrying a message addressed to the beings / humans and civilizations of	no biggie , they'll just think jesus sent it !

1 ted revokes your ted fellowship if you don't attend every event of the conference , per the fellowship agreement . writer eddie huang later went on to compare ted to	maybe that explains how that guy gave a lesson in tying shoes to an applauding capacity audience .
2 i get your point , but strangely enough , that was the ted talk that had the most impact on my day-to-day life . i actually do tie my shoes	is it weird that i was pissed that the audience was laughing at him while he was making his ( very valid ) point ?

1 hershey's chocolate is flavored with sour-tasting butyric acid , which also gives vomit its aroma . this is why people unaccustomed to american chocolate sometimes compare it to vomit .	i was under the impression that they didn't use it so much for flavoring as to create the chocolate and its gross flavor lingers .

1 the most habitable planet in the solar system other than earth is venus , and that someday we may live in floating cities high above its surface .	so your saying there is a chance to have a real life cloud city . we need to find lando calrissian .

1 the nazis only would have needed a few more months in ww2 , to finish a wooden stealth bomber that easily could have invaded the uk	this would not have happened . and even if it did the rest of the allies would have pushed them out

1 in the original game of clue , mr . green was actually called reverend green . the name was changed because they felt americans would be upset at the idea	as an american i think i'd prefer " reverend green " .

1 many phrases in english come from literal translations of chinese phrases , such as " long time no see " , " no go " , " lose face "	when i first found this out , it actually made sense since " long time no see " and the like make absolutely no sense as proper english sentences .

1 marvin harrison is the only player in nfl history to catch a pass in every game he played	i believe ochocinco was on pace to do this as well until revis island hit him
2 actually , he caught a pass every time he faced the revis . the first game he failed to make a reception ( in which he played ) was the	week 17 2009 season ?

1 rivaldo is still playing at age 40 for kabuscorp - angola !	roberto carlos is still playing as well isn't he ?

1 after tupac shakur was killed , his body was cremated and some of his ashes were mixed together with marijuana and smoked by members of the outlawz .	that shit is the ivory .

1 jacklyn h . lucas , who joined the marines when he was 14 , stormed iwo jima when he was 17 , and is one of the few people in	and he survived a training jump which both of his parachutes did not open . how the beck is that possible ?

1 australian buisnessman sidney myer provided christmas dinner for 10,000 unemployed people including a gift for every child during the 1930 ' s depression .	it's people like him that make civilization possible .
2 that sounds nice , but in actuality , people who create wealth are the ones who make civilization possible . for example , the invention of the assembly line turned	rand said that selfishness is good and altruism is evil . that's not really profound ; it's an excuse to be a horrible person .
3 a broken clock is right twice a day . this is true for people as well .	unless it's a broken digital clock in which case it's never right 88:88

1 in 2006 , matthew mcconaughey rescued a cat from being lit on fire by two kids who had doused it in hairspray	this just made me lose a whole new level of respect for him right here . cats are of the devil

1 today i learned that patrick warburton ( joe from family guy ) does the voice of both volibear and zac	brock sampson and kronk from emperor's new groove . too cool .
2 [ brock fucken sampson ] ( http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lqbbg3HSe61qe0qjgo1_250.gif )	best part of the series right there .

1 today is international caps lock day .	... no just don't do it .
2 it's too late	so why continue using all caps ?

1 there is a song that has been found to reduce anxiety levels by 65 % and heart rate by 35 % . it is considered " the most relaxing song	whoever of you guys is [ 78.86 . 76.85 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Marconi_Union&diff=464047792&oldid=462099879 ) , i swear to god i'll punch you if you use the wrong its in a wikipedia

1 : there is a game called desert bus . the objective of the game is to drive a bus from tucson , arizona to las vegas , nevada in real	and i thought microsoft train simulator was the most boring video game ever .

1 sliced bread was first marketed as " the greatest forward step in the baking industry since bread was wrapped "	so did people used to say , " it's the best thing since wrapped bread " ?

1 snooki from jersey shore was paid $ 32,000 to speak at rutgers university . some students were upset and thought the money could have gone to a better speaker .	my sister-in-law works with rupa ( rutgers ' events ) and was very much against this decision . they have a set budget , and some bozos decided to blow

1 there have been several vigilante groups in recent years , including a man named rodrigo duterte that transformed the murder capital of the philippines to " the most peaceful city	wow , this dude needs to go down to mexico ..
2 just send pacquiao . he beats up mexicans as a job .	lulz except marquez
3 pacquiao is over the hill , but damn me if marquez didn't take * something * before the last fight .	i totally agree , guy shows up at age 39 having somehow grown bulging musculature that wasn't there 1 year earlier ...

1 german interrogator hanns scharff was against using physical torture on pows . he would instead take them out to lunch , on nature walks and to swimming pools , where	tried that with my little sister . she didn't give me enough war secrets so i stopped doing it .
2 should've waterboarded her .	should've locked her naked in a cell with a changing light schedule this disrupting her sleep patterns
3 with huge speakers right next to her looping the same song over and over again on the highest volume .	so taking her to a nightclub ?

1 the tv comedy malcolm in the middle used mood-setting music in lieu of canned laughter . artists included abba , they might be giants , kenny rogers , elo &	did you hear the guns fernando ?
2 it's " can you hear the drums fernando , " pal . source : unabashed abba fan	anyone who hates abba is dead inside or a serious killjoy .
3 seriously ! i'm tired if being called a homo for listening to abba . yea , some of their songs are a little cheesy , but fuck it , when	is it because you listen to abba ? or is it because of your username ?

1 a former italian porn star became a politician and continued to make adult movies while a member of parliament	crap , i'm old . i remember her campaign and her election .

1 in 1977 singer tom waits was arrested outside a coffee shop for trying to stop men from bullying other patrons.these men were plainclothes officers , and waits was charged with	[ he was also inspiration for heath ledger's portrayal of the joker ] ( https://youtu.be/gCSc6E4yG9s?t=1m30s ) .
2 [ and then there's that time he played satan . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yod51lr3F0U )	he was great in rumble fish ( he starts about 12 seconds in ) . http://youtu.be/dPb-86NlTUQ

1 michael jai white was the first african american man to portray a major comic book superhero in a major motion picture ( spawn in 1997 ) . he was also	" spawney , spawney , he's our man . if he can't do it , no-one can ! "

1 at woodstock ' 99 a woman was gang raped in the moshpit of limp bizkit's set .	anyone else think that picture of rage against the machine burning the american flag is bad ass ?

1 in 2007 a report was published in ireland which stated that over half of ireland's native gypsy population - called travellers - do not live past the age of 39	could someone explain to me what gypsies are and why everyone in europe hates them ? what makes them so bad ?
2 gypsies have a culture that revolves around stealing . we have gypsies in the states , but there nowhere near to the ones in europe . they make the '	my great aunt when she was a little girl , some 80 odd years ago , had some set up camp on the out skirts of her family's farm fields

1 a silent version of velcro exists , but it is a guarded military secret .	garden state

1 french and italian have a lexical similarity ( the degree of similarity between two languages ) rating of . 89 , and generally languages are considered dialects if the similarity	question i've always had ( realizing this might not be an appropriate place to ask , but bear with me ): if i spoke french i'd have an english (
2 my nose bleeds after reading this .	i'd try re-typing it in italian , but i'm afraid my accent would just make it more complicated .

1 kars 4kids , the car donation non-profit famous for its radio jingle , donates 100 % of its proceeds exclusively to jewish causes , including jewish education and summer camps	just donate your vehicle to the good will

1 on january 27 , 1992 , then president george h . w . bush said that he wanted the american family to be more like the waltons than the simpsons	imagine if it had been family guy ? seth macfarlane's witty response would've been having the whole family throw up on him while peter took a dump on his head
2 fuck , does reddit just hate * anything * on tv that isn't from the 1990s or the bbc ?	family guy premiered in either 1999 or 1998 i forget which

1 there have been 19 military intelligence divisions ; only mi5 and mi6 currently exist .	... in britain .

1 tigers are the only predators known to regularly prey on adult bears	wolverines have been known to kill bears too

1 the skeleton crew isolated for 6 months in the south pole station every winter traditionally watch a double feature of the thing and the shining after the last flight leaves	i hope it's followed by a dinner theater version of clue .
2 i aaaaaaaaammm your singing telegram !	mrs . peacock was a man ?

1 the dolphin that played flipper on the tv show committed suicide by refusing to breathe	do you know if he was sad because the show ended or being confined or something else ?

1 the last airbender received 5 awards : worst picture , worst director , worst screenplay , worst supporting actor , and a special award , " worst eye-gouging mis-use of	really ? i actually liked it .

1 , in some regions of switzerland , male citizens may prove that they hold the right to vote by showing their sword in place of showing their voter identification card	because you can't steal a sword .

1 the number of chinese killed by the japanese during ww2 is greater than the number of jews killed in the holocaust	the germans also killed more russians and about the same number of poles compared to jews who died during the holocaust .
2 so ww2 was pretty much the low point of the century ... edit : my highest rated comment is about how much our species failed in the 20th century .	1/40 of the entire world population died during world war ii .
3 sourceforts !	the europeans who came had no idea of the germ theory of disease . they did not intentionally kill off the native population through smallpox and other diseases .

1 sony pictures is adapting shadow of the colossus into a feature film by chronicle director josh trank	wow , a lot of pessimism in this thread .
2 let's face it : video game movies suck . it doesn't matter how good the source material is , hollywood is seemingly incapable of producing a decent movie based on	on the flipside , let them . it * might actually * turn out great . i'm not expecting it to , but what if it does ? if it

1 ella schuler was so old she couldn't put her real date of birth on facebook	my mom is 60 and thinks facebook was created by the devil and was designed to destroy lives . i'm not even joking .

1 in 2012 , ty warner ( owner of beanie babies ) stopped a woman and asked for directions in santa barbara , calif . the woman was trying to raise	i'll never understand how beanie babies got so popular , they're fucking bean bag stuffed animals that don't even do anything . anyways , that's nice of him to help
2 because they were cute and inexpensive at the time of their release . then they started retiring them and the same old people who always try to make a buck	i remember beanie babies , when i was 16 i worked at mcdonalds and people lost their minds when we included them in happy meals . they just seemed overrated

1 actress toni collette faked appendicitis so well when she was eleven that doctors removed it , even though their tests showed there was nothing wrong .	who toni collette is
2 she's definitely one of those actors who you see in everything ( " the sixth sense , " " little miss sunshine " ) but never know who she is	she basically plays the entire cast of united states of tara .

1 mountain dew was made to be mixed with whiskey	so all of these years i have been drinking mountain dew the wrong way ? what a waste ...

1 the standard tennis ball was once white , and the only reason it is now yellow is so it can be easier to spot on color television .	yellow ? i'd call it more of a lemon-lime .

1 hugh hefner defended playboy publishing a story about straight men being persecuted in a gay society with " if it was wrong to persecute heterosexuals in a homosexual society then	* playboy * has articles ?
2 [ there's actually some really good stuff ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3QRji.jpg )	i just had my fucking mind blown . i'm going to go lay in bed now and think about my life .
3 also , since it's playboy , you're gonna rub one out ...	it reminds me of that episode of workaholics where blake says “ i ’ ve just had a really horrible day and i ’ d like to go home ,

1 , in 1951 , after his plane crashed into the ocean , clint eastwood swam 3 miles to safety ( along with his pilot )	this man can't get anymore badass ! !

1 in 1946 , the redskins mistakingly used a 1st round pick on rb cal rossi , not realizing he was a junior who was not draft eligible . so the	now i need a list of the biggest nfl draft blunders

1 nancy grace has been linked to two separate suicides	nancy grace is a monster .

1 jack johnson ( the first ever african american heavyweight boxing champion ) was pulled over for a $ 50 speeding ticket , but he gave the officer $ 100 telling	you left out the part where he later [ died in a car crash ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jack_Johnson_(boxer) ) because he drove like a retard .
2 your link is broken , but you're right . he was involved in a car crash that lead to his death . it's unclear whether he would have lived if	i like how you've co-opted yolo and used it to mean " live responsibly and make deliberate , sensible decisions " .

1 not only is shirley temple still alive , she has also been ambassador to czechoslovakia & ghana , survived breast cancer , served on the board of directors of bank	that's white privilege for you

1 when chuck palahniuk attempted to publish his second novel , invisible monsters , publishers rejected it for its disturbing content . this led him to work on his most famous	i literally started reading invisible monsters last night before i went to sleep . ended up halfway through the book and haven't slept yet . oh well . it's brilliant

1 miyamoto musashi , 17th century japanese swordsman , twice arrived late to duels and defeated both opponents . upon his next duel , he arrived early , and ambushed the	i like how on the wiki page it has a picture labeled something like " so-and-so engaged in fantastic combat " but the picture is of him standing on top

1 hitler loved pranks . he once tricked a high ranking nazi into thinking he was going on a suicide mission , causing him to escape , hand himself over to	he also had this prank where he told some people to go shower , but instead water there would come gas out
2 but it was just laughing gas , right ? ... right ?	i know i laughed .
3 satan's got to have a ring in hell reserved just for redditors	wouldn't be as awkward as the average reddit meet up .

1 french and italian have a lexical similarity ( the degree of similarity between two languages ) rating of . 89 , and generally languages are considered dialects if the similarity	0.89 is the same degree between spanish and portuguese ( at least the brazilian variety ) and they can kind of have a conversation . there are trivial differences ,
2 my sister ( fluent in spanish ) and my good friend ( fluent in portuguese , lived most of his life in brazil ) are able to easily converse in	yep . it's quite easy , especially reading . i speak spanish and i can make small chat with a brazilian portuguese speaker ( i can't understand portuguese from portugal

1 it ’ s illegal for drug companies to advertise to consumers almost everywhere in the world . the only exceptions are the us and new zealand .	when i first moved to us , this was little shocking to me and very weird . in brazil we stop at condom commercials . but more unsettling were the
2 fuck life insurance ... we're gonna live forever .	you are only immortal for a limited time .

1 the poorest place in the us is 96 % native american and the median income of men is $ 0	as a native american teenager who has a nurse and a business man as parents , and seeing all of these poverty posts about my race .. i feel more

1 asbestos in the united states has not been banned and is totally legal . when the environmental protection agency tried to ban it , supporters of the asbestos industry actually	i see asbestos regularly at my job . all i know is when i see it , i send a sample to a lab . if it's hot , somebody
2 what do you mean " if it's hot " ?	meaning it contains asbestos .

1 only two percent of people in the world have natural blond hair .	i bet their german
2 they're	your rite sory

1 alexander graham bell took credit for inventing the phone , but antonio meucci invented it 5 years earlier ... a problem with is patent gave bell the chance to claim	the problem with his patent was that he couldn't renew it because he was in hospital injured after the boiler on the staten island ferry exploded . also alexander graham

1 peter gabriel's " sledgehammer " is the most played music video in the history of mtv .	as it should be , that video is awesome .

1 the green bay packers are named after the indian packing company , who paid for their first uniforms on the condition the team be named after them .	i like team names that have something to do with their respective city / region , names that actually have meaning such as the old new orleans jazz , pittsburgh
2 the [ la lakers ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Los_Angeles_Lakers#1947.E2.80.931948_.26_1948.E2.80.931959:_Beginnings_and_Minneapolis_dynasty ) are originally from minnesota , the " land of 10,000 lakes " .	the lakers are actually named after [ lake freighters ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lake_freighter ) , the massive ships that carry iron ore mined from northern minnesota .

1 the dancers for weird al's fat include a guy who was just making a pizza delivery to the studio .	your butt is wide , well mine is too ..
2 just watch your mouth , or i'll sit on you . * crotch grab *	when i sit around the house i really sit around the house

1 rolling stone gave many artists bad reviews , then changed to good reviews after they became famous . examples include the beatles , led zeppelin , black sabbath , ac	omg til that media outlets mostly just try to regurgitate what they perceive is the norm .

1 the vatican does not recognize china as a legitimate sovereign state .	apart from the vatican , twenty something other states also don't recognize the prc . instead they recognize the republic of china , which currently governs taiwan , kinmen ,
2 recognition , especially for a lot of smaller states , is a who's who of needing aid money and they see who will provide more .	[ here's one such example . ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foreign_relations_of_Nauru#China_.28PRC_and_ROC.29 ) nauru has switched between which nation they recognized multiple times , coincidentally getting huge aid packages from the beneficiary .

1 jordan just beat japan in an asian wc qualifier to advance into second place in their group . all five teams in the group can still advance .	awesome win to boost our chances . no matter what happens next i hope for one of the arab teams to qualify directly .

1 on its way back from deployment in the persian gulf in 2002 , the aircraft carrier uss john stennis stopped in freemantle , australia , where her sailors wore out	" every man's a bachelor east of gibraltar . " - attributed to admiral nelson
2 so was the admiral aware that almost all of great britain is east of gibraltar ? it extends as far east as 5 ° 20 ' 19 " west .	forest for the trees .

1 tony hawk has an i . q . of 144	you'll probably find that it's very common for extremely high performers to also be very intelligent . you generally don't get to be the best by accident or sheer willpower
2 i observe a lot among redditors that if someone does great , whether it is in sports , entertainment or economy , it must be because of high intelligence .	well , i'm convinced .

1 when the current king of thailand was born in cambridge , massachusetts , the hospital room in which he was born was declared thai territory for the duration of the	he also died 4 years ago and they haven't told a soul ...

1 french and italian have a lexical similarity ( the degree of similarity between two languages ) rating of . 89 , and generally languages are considered dialects if the similarity	never heard of that metric before . but when you consider that romance languages all derive from latin , it's silly to think they wouldn't be very similar . french

1 over 90 % of pregnancies in the united kingdom and europe with a diagnosis of down syndrome are terminated .	" the united kingdom and europe " ... yeah , just like in " florida and the united states " ...
2 you get a lot of people in the uk who see themselves as separate to mainland europe , this sort of distinction isn't very uncommon .	that doesn't undo the fact that geographically it's a part of europe .
3 it's an island mate	so is a lot of denmark .

1 meatloaf's album " bat out of hell " is the fifth best-selling album worldwide , and has even out-sold albums by the eagles , fleetwood mac , led zeppelin ,	of course . it is illegal to eat eagles , fleetwoods , macs , and zeppelins are inedible and who would want to eat beatles . it may only be

1 when the world cup was hosted in the united states in 1994 , they only spent $ 30 million on infrastructure improvements . for the 2014 world cup , brazil	how much would that $ 30 million be in today's money ? ( accounting for inflation )

1 the japanese onomatopoeia for the sound cats make is " nyan " which helps explains why the meme is called nyancat	i love this meme , one of the few that i can actually tolerate .

1 whenever al-qaeda organised games of volleyball , mohammed atef and osama bin laden were forced to be on separate teams since they were both tall , and skilled players .	they were known as the twin towers
2 10	11

1 comedian andrew dice clay's standup set " adult nursery rhymes " was so vulgar that it got him banned from mtv from 1989 to 2011	meh . much like vanilla ice , bellbottoms , and tamagochi , he was popular once .

1 roller coaster tycoon was programmed by one guy . in assembly .	also interesting is that there ~ ~ ' ll ~ ~ * may * be an android / ios port in q4 2013 * , according to this * .
2 an awesome childhood game ported to mobile ? we'll be lucky if it won't be freemium	i think i read somewhere that he's principally against the freemium model , so transport tycoon is a single payment game only . can't remember where i read that though

1 one of the benefits of the popular classroom game ' heads up , seven up ' is that teachers may observe which students have a tendency to cheat .	what is this game ?

1 french and italian have a lexical similarity ( the degree of similarity between two languages ) rating of . 89 , and generally languages are considered dialects if the similarity	i speak french and i can just barely understand small portions of a conversation in italian . probably just as much as anyone who has seen the godfather or played
2 if you look at them from a historical distance swedish and danish are actually closer related . but norwegian is a lot more comprehenableeble to swedes and vice-versa .	as a dane i find it really easy to speak with norwegians , and swedish , danish and norwegian are easy to read , if you know one of them

1 pornstar stoya does not use contraception due to allergies and has had 3 abortions while working in the industry	being a porn star without being able to use birth control sounds like the worst idea ever .

1 there is no evidence that gun control lowers crime rates .	there is a difference between " crimes " and " gun-related crimes " . there is plenty of evidence that suggests there are more gun-related crimes in countries that have

1 in the film ' thank you for smoking ' , none of the characters are ever seen smoking .	solid movie . the dialog is top notch .
2 actually , the opposite of what you said . it was all tired , re-hashed arguments that anybody could have come up with . that guy also seems like a	did you not pay attention to the the end of the movie ? from his senate hearing to the credits ? the movie isn't about weather you should smoke or
3 i never said it was about whether or not anyone should smoke . everything they said in that movie i'd heard a thousand times before . it tried to come	well thats what happens when you're clearly smarter than everyone else .

1 in ancient athens , a beautiful courtesan named phryne was put on trial for a capital crime . her defense , in the most well-known story of the event ,	" say goodbye to these , michael ! "
2 http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lmwjyc3ZIm1ql58c1o1_500.gif	they're crooked !

1 the simpsons episode ' trash of the titans ' was used to deter toronto's city council from turning an abandoned mine into the city's trash dump .	really , no one's done it yet ? fine ... " simpsons did it ! "

1 after speaking with a great dane breeder , scooby doo's creator created him as the opposite of a pedigree dog .	i don't know if it's a good thing or a bad thing that i just read an entire wikipedia article on scooby-doo .
2 it's a fantastic thing . scooby-doo was my childhood . more than any disney movie , at least .	mine too . i remember my mom taping scooby doo for me anytime it was on and watching it while she'd fix my hair before school in the mornings .
3 that was one of my favorites ! i also really loved the scooby series that had a bunch of famous people voice themselves , like sonny and cher , don	i liked those ones too ! i remember seeing the ghost and mr . chicken and recognizing don knotts from scooby doo . it's crazy to think that the cartoons

1 since 1945 , all british tanks have come equipped with tea making facilities	[ i give you the british army electric boiling vessel ] ( http://www.armysales.co.uk/field-catering-cooking-utensils/british-army-vehicle-24v-bv-boiling-cooking-vessel-stove-cooker-no1-mk2 )

1 there is a waterfall in minnesota called the devil's kettle that empties half its contents into a sinkhole . the outlet has yet to be found .	divert the water then look in the cave ?

1 the mexican state of yucután got its name when a spanish explorer asked a mayan what the land was called and he answered " i do not understand you "	isnt it also tje sight for basically an enormous crater thought to have caused the extinction of the dinosaurs ?

1 during islam's golden age , scientists were paid the equivalent of what pro athletes are paid today .	calling it the islamic golden age seems forced and inaccurate . we don't call the renaissance the christian golden age .

1 iran banned the mullet hairstyle , the first country to do so . nice .	i am sporting one ironically ... i have had it for three days and realized that strangers aren't in on the joke . they just think i am trash .

1 african americans make up 13 % of the american general population , but 42 % of the american homeless population .	most homeless people are mentally ill and mentally ill people end up on the streets when they don't have families to look after them . today 70 % of african
2 huge difference between not having one parent around and not having a family at all . [ nearly half of americans in general are born out of wedlock ] (	i don't think he was saying it totally explains it , but was suggesting that it is a factor .

1 rick james had alprazolam , diazepam , bupropion , citalopram , hydrocodone , digoxin , chlorpheniramine , methamphetamine and cocaine in his blood at the time of his autopsy .	if you think that's crazy , imagine the list of chemicals in that hair .. then again maybe he just had enough soul glo . http://youtube.com/watch?v=irFrB5LMRkM

1 china has a law that requires every citizen over the age of 11 to plant at least one tree per year . as a result , china currently has the	i've never known or seen anyone do anything like planting a tree in my 4 years living here . north or south of china .

1 after discovering his hotel alias , michael jackson used to prank call russell crowe and say things like " ' is mr . wall there ? is mrs . wall	my phd psychology professor stands by his claim that mj never had any ill intent with the children at his park and instead loved being with kids because he never
2 no idea why ou cite your ' phd psychology professor ' ( most redundant statement i have read all week ) . this is pretty much the common sense position	i have only ever heard bad things and jokes about it , i don't care about celebrities much but i really thought my professor's explanation of his actions seemed spot

1 roller coaster tycoon was programmed by one guy . in assembly .	and it's a far better game than rollercoaster tycoon 3 . i loved this game growing up !
2 what is this rollercoaster tycoon 3 you're talking about ? you must be confused . they've only released 1 and 2 .	[ fucking a . relevant xkcd ] ( http://xkcd.com/566/ )

1 in 2008 , warner music group was collecting over $ 5,000 a day ( $ 2 million a year ) in royalties for public usage of the " happy birthday	this is why i hate copyrights .

1 tommy lee jones and al gore were college roommates .	if you check out the film ' harvard beats yale 29 - 29 ' tommy lee jones is interviewed and talks about rooming with al gore . also a good

1 the male angler fish exists solely to find a female and fuse his body with hers .	> the male then slowly atrophies , first losing his digestive organs , then his brain , heart , and eyes , and ends as nothing more than a pair
2 how is this any different from marriage	in a marriage , you lose your balls first .

1 nato was never involved in any conflict until the cold war was over . now its already conflict # 6	i think nato had troops in the korean war .

1 up until 1978 , the mormon church taught that blacks were once an evil race of jews who were colored by god for their wickedness .	9 years after humans landed on the moon ...

1 the pilot episode of lost was so expensive ( ~ $ 14million ) that the network president was fired for greenlighting it .	i remember watching the pilot when it premiered . i thought ' wow , this isn't gonna get picked up . " biggest hit ever . i still don't like

1 - the name of yoda's race & home world are never mentioned in any film , book , or media . he is officially said to be of a "	i always assumed he was just from the same place as danny devito
2 danny devito would be an okay jedi . in fact i think him and arnold should cameo in star wars as twin jedi	arnold's character should be called kanon , and he must be kinda neutral force user focused on melee combat with an ancient huge lightsaber , but nota pure good or
3 it's called a " gray jedi "	thank you :)

1 tolkien thought of dwarves as being like jews . the dwarves ' characteristics of being dispossessed of their homeland and living among other groups whilst retaining their own culture are	from the deep caverns of moria one a chanting echoed from the chamber , over and over the disembodies voices repeated " dreidels , and beagles , and lots oh

1 when the original mortal kombat game came out , an audit menu listed error macros under the name ermac , leading fans to think there was a third hidden ninja	over down over , low punch . couldn't tell you how many quarters i pumped into one of these machines at the mini mart on mt . rushmore road in

1 just one white european has ever run a 100m race in under 10 seconds .	let it be known in ' 84 a polish man ran an unofficial 9.99 ! ! yep , that's right , polish people , doing things ! ! hoorah

1 asbestos in the united states has not been banned and is totally legal . when the environmental protection agency tried to ban it , supporters of the asbestos industry actually	[ x-ray i took of a patient who worked with asbestos ] ( https://www.medxt.com/viewer?s=154561 )
2 what are we looking for here ?	the lungs should be mostly black ( because soft tissue and air allows x rays to mostly pass right through them ) , not all white and cloudy looking (

1 the united states accounts for 44 % of the world's gasoline consumption .	but the irak war was not about oil , there's evidence and stuff .

1 rpg clerics wield maces because bishop odo of bayeux was wielding one in the bayeux tapestry , allegedly so as not to shed blood .	i googled an image of the tapestry , and to me the weapon doesn't even look like a mace . more like a cudgel or staff . arguably the thing
2 despite what vallejo paintings might've led to believe , historical combat maces don't have a football-sized head . heads were usually a size of small apple , or even absent	aha , so that's what those are . i seem to recall several characters in the dynasty warriors game series who used these as weapons , never was sure what

1 when microsoft bought all rights to charles o'rear's iconic ' bliss ' photo , depicting green hills and a blue sky , they wanted the original film . when the	how much did he sell it for ?

1 7 million at magnaball ?	i still don't believe the 30k number .

1 iron man three sets up the origin of man-thing	sadly probably just an easter egg .
2 if i remember right , the writers of the movie just tried give characters existing in-universe names when they could . they were not trying to set up for a	is man-thing even owned by marvel studios ? i thought it was like universal or something

1 one of frank abagnale's ( catch me if you can ) first cons was to buy a security guard costume , and place a sign over a bank drop box	i have a good friend from mexico . he often says - ~ " never underestimate the power of a a mexican carrying a leaf blower . he / she
2 if you aren't mexican a high-viz vest plus a clip board will acheive the same result . the most effective is being a white male aged 25 + in a	don't forget your white hardhat .

1 cinco de mayo is bigger in the us than it is in mexico , mostly because beer manufacturers saw it as a marketing opportunity in the 1980 ' s	as a mexican i can tell you i don't give a fuck about 5 de mayo
2 you should care some , paisano . it's an important event in our country's history , albeit not enough for it to be a major holiday .	isn't it just italians who call each other paisano ?
3 paisano is used often among latinos , primarily from mexico / central america , kinda translates to " comrade " but in a friendly / " we're-from-the-same-region " way	yes . " countryman " or " kinsman " is pretty close in english as well .

1 giraffes have been called " especially gay " for often engaging in homosexual behavior more than heterosexual sex	that's why there's no giraffes in russia

1 the first canadian man put on trial for homosexuality was given a choice between the death penalty or becoming the permanent executioner . he chose to become the executioner .	this occured long before canada became a bonafide country in 1867 . the trial was conducted under the jurisdiction of french law , as quebec was then known as new
2 > that is why the other party , his partner in this " crime " , who was said to be a native , was not prosecuted : as a	he was sent to the galleys not gallows . wasnt going to be killed .

1 in 1979 , elvita adams jumped from the 86th floor of the empire state building in an attempted suicide , only to be blown back onto the 85th floor by	i feel so bad for her . people who want to die should absolutely be allowed to do so .

1 neil flynn , who played janitor on scrubs , would improvise in the role so often that once the screenplay said ' janitor : whatever neil says '	according to the community commentaries , dan harmon and the rest of the writing staff started doing the exact same thing for donald glover . " punchline : donald improv
2 glover was the best thing about community .	" red shoe diaries me "

1 of ' project thor ' : a terrifying weapon system that is shockingly simple - 6 m . tungsten rods launched from near earth orbit , invisible to radar ,	i can't help but think if our pentagon brass were better educated , this would be known as * * project mjölnir * * .
2 well , the rods would be mjölnir i guess and the weapon system shooting the rods would be thor . so , project thor is perfectly fine i'd say .	as far as i understand naming of military projects the name more likely will be " project daffodil " " project yellow river " or " project gxt - 34

1 picking your nose and eating it may be beneficial to your immune system .	i'll let my 7 year old know ... he'll be happy .

1 the name six flags comes from the flags of the six different nations that have governed texas	the [ seventh ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kQpoFSu.jpg ) flag of texas .
2 i see these freaking everywhere , no joke	heb ( another texas chain ) sells their ketchup , spicy ketchup , mustard and honey butter in bottles . if it wasn't for all the hfcs i'd totally buy
3 too bad it's only at heb . i rarely shop there and it's not worth making a trip just for spicy ketchup .	velts i thought you knew better . go get your goddamn spicy ketchup and support the whataburger economy .

1 louis le prince , who filmed the first ever motion pictures , disappeared without a trace in 1890 . thomas edison soon took credit as the first and sole inventor	every time i come across edison on the internet it is always about him being a dick .
2 the important point is that he was a * successful * dick . the internet loves successful dicks . half to admire them , and half to insult the first	should have been in prison . rewarding dicks as something special is why the world is as it is . theft and murder and you think that's cool ?

1 fats waller was kidnapped to be the surprise guest at al capone's birthday party at gunpoint . he left 3 days later intoxicated with thousands of dollars in tips .	according to the internet , each thousand dollars in tips he received would be equivalent to a little over $ 13,000 today . not bad for 3 days of partying
2 at gunpoint .	worth it

1 show producers gave a homeless man $ 100,000 to do what he wants ; within 6 months he had nearly spent all the money , and he eventually went broke	i often wonder about the conditions of the impoverished lifestyle , and the correlations with addiction , illness , and mental health in general . the longer you are poor

1 in 1927 several million people in the united states sent over 100,000 petitions urging congress to adopt the metric system .	… and then the republicans claimed that it was a communist conspiracy to subvert our science and industry . * republicans , keeping the american nation in the dark ages
2 america would be so enlightened by communists , like the usrr did .	united states rolls royce ?

1 the nickname ' skip ' identifies someone who has the same first name as their grandparent but not their parent , essentially ' skipping ' a generation .	ivey is a nickname for a 4th generation ( iv ) name . trip can be the third edit : fun little anecdote . my dad is iii and the
2 i've also heard " trey " as a nickname for the third .	cant believe i forgot that one ... my nephew isgoes by trey .
3 bottoms up ?	yuuup

1 charles manson's mother once sold him to a waitress for a pitcher of beer . his uncle retrieved him some days later .	there's an entire book of his life according to his own account , however you have to take it with a grain of salt because a lot of it is

1 a big brother winner used his winnings to start a drug ring , with another contestant from the same season .	" .. jasinski ’ s lawyer said she planned to recommend a sentence of house arrest . " ha !

1 it is illegal in many countries to perform surgical procedures on an octopus without anesthesia due to their intelligence	i'm not a bleeding heart or anything , but it should probably be required to use anesthesia for any surgery on anything .
2 would it interest you to know that , for cold-blooded animals , it is common practice to simply freeze them to reduce nervous system activity rather than use anesthesia ?	wouldn't that be practically be the same as anesthesia ? it would basically knock them out so they don't feel anything .
3 or they feel all the pain and are just incapacitated and cant struggle because of it .	like a three drug cocktail ...

1 female bonobos rub their clitorises together every 2 hours on average	i scratch my balls more frequently than that .
2 but how often do you rub your balls against the balls of a male bonobo ?	don't judge me .
3 no judgement , just wondering where i can find one of these curious and randy little buggers .	i know a guy who knows a guy .

1 in 1993 creedence clearwater revival's record label sued former lead singer john fogerty because his song " the old man down the road " sounded similar to " run through	according to my university you can plagiarize yourself
2 because copyright law /= / academic integrity . the first is designed to protect profits and prevent people from stealing others work , the second is designed to expedite the	> /= / that's a new one .
3 is it ? that's the most common way i've seen does not equal put as a symbol ... the other way always looked weirder to me and this way looks	=/ = is the most common way i thought . as in , " /= / " =/ = " does not equal "

1 bob marley's " no woman , no cry " lists v . ford as the songwriter so that the royalty checks could be used to run a soup kitchen .	he credited vincent ford to avoid contractual obligations to caymen music : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/No_Woman,_No_Cry#Writing_credit

1 in-n-out burger prints references to bible verses on its paper containers as a reflection of the founders's christian beliefs	* sigh * i guess i can never eat there .

1 c - 4 plastic explosive is so chemically stable it can be shot , microwaved , or even * set on fire * without exploding . soldiers in vietnam would	[ hmx ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HMX ) is an explosive that could > could easily pass for regular flour , thereby passing checkpoints without detection . it could even be cooked
2 now i want explosive pancakes in a game .	death by flapjack
3 [ welp , there was this test airplane . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vought_V-173 )	what has the world come to when we weaponize our breakfast ?

1 the magnitude 9.0 earthquake off the coast of japan on march 11 , 2011 was so strong that the vibration was felt and detected by an orbiting satellite	it * detected * the change in pressure , which can be done multiple ways . it never * felt * it .
2 what ? can't feel ? the next thing you'll tell me is that little toasters can't be brave .	:(

1 there is a herd of nearly 40 hippos living freely in colombia after the private zoo of pablo escobar was abandoned and its 4 original hippos reproduced .	i imagine there must not be enough genetic diversity .

1 the han dynasty of china drilled for natural gas , transported it in pipelines and gas containers and burned it in stoves ... in 200 bc	if the chinese hadn't invented porcelain they would have likely stayed the most advanced civilization on earth . because they invented porcelain for all their needs of making waterproof vessels
2 i've read that the romans might have been able to invent steam power but their slave labor system was so vast and convenient that it never dawned on them there	the greeks had steampower but only saw it as a novelty for philosophers .

1 the word " fancy " in " fancy ketchup " refers its higher specific gravity in comparison to " standard ketchup . "	this is bullshit . i have a higher specific gravity than ketchup too , nobody calls me fancy . the best i get is " disgusting " , and that's

1 in 1977 singer tom waits was arrested outside a coffee shop for trying to stop men from bullying other patrons.these men were plainclothes officers , and waits was charged with	[ he was also inspiration for heath ledger's portrayal of the joker ] ( https://youtu.be/gCSc6E4yG9s?t=1m30s ) .
2 [ and then there's that time he played satan . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yod51lr3F0U )	[ i'm partial to the bunny guy ] ( https://myreelpov.files.wordpress.com/2013/01/seven-psychopaths-tom-waits-rabbit.jpg )
3 [ let's not forget his role in bram stoker's dracula . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WaVZmo8CsGQ )	he is the best renfield . so creepy !

1 scientology isn't legally considered a religion in all countries . switzerland identifies it as a commercial enterprise , france and chile as a cult , and norway as a non-profit	don't forget [ germany ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scientology_in_Germany ) , where it's viewed as an abusive business masquerading as a religion , while subjecting its adherents to " inhuman and totalitarian
2 yet they criticize pegida for pointing out the exact same issues with islam .	those two aren't even remotely comparable .

1 the united states is the only country to currently have minors serving sentences of life imprisonment without parole , despite being a signatory to international treaties banning the practice .	another example of an ugly justice system .

1 forks were used in china before the invention of chopsticks	i actually like chopsticks in certain situations , it's slows things down allowing you to enjoy the meal , plus you feel more satisfied .

1 during napoleons 6 day stay in malta he ; reformed national administration , created twelve municipalities , created a public finance administration , abolished all feudal privileges and slavery ,	besides all that , what have the french ever done for us ? !
2 life of brian reference ?	[ here's a link if anyone wants it . ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ExWfh6sGyso )

1 the inventor of the . zip format died of a peppermint schnapps overdose	every fucking month somebody rediscovers this .

1 some cuban cigar factories employed a " lector " who would read newspapers , political treatises and classical literature aloud to help break the monotony of the cigar-rollers ' work	romeo and juliet was one of the most popular stories , hence the cigar brand romeo y julieta
2 my uncle who is mexican ( my aunt married him ) . really likes romeo y julietas i really think they are very low to mid-range cigars , but he	i'd put them as mid-range , with some premium options . low end is stuff like casa de garcia ( which i'm smoking now ) , cassa bella and quorum
3 what's a cigar that's under $ 15 and closer to high end ? i've only tried several romeo y julietas so far	go get a liga privada no . 9 from drew estate .

1 hunter s . thompson shaved his head while running for sheriff of pitkin county , colorodo so he could refer to the republican candidate as " my long haired opponent	hunter s . thompson was such an obnoxious , attention-seeking blowhard idiot .

1 in 1968 the beatles formed apple corps ltd ( informally known as apple ) . in 1981 a suit was settled with apple computer with the payment of $ 80,000	man . 60 grand sounds like a lot of money . i guess maxwells silver hammer name down pretty hard

1 tim duncan of the san antonio spurs sacrificed money and stayed in college for four years instead of going directly to the nba because in her last days , his	it's borderline amazing news when a college athlete does the right thing with his life .

1 the gingko biloba species of tree is 270 million years old . it rarely suffers disease or insect attack and was one of the only living things to survive the	they're supposed to be good for something but i can't remember .
2 memory	ya it appears my joke wasn't very good .

1 nowhere in the bible does it say that mary magdalene was a prostitute or even overtly sexual .	if you read it backwards it plays led zeppelin .

1 in 2009 , a woman filed suit against pepsico after discovering that the crunchberries in a cap'n crunch cereal had not in fact been real fruit . the case was	she should refile . today i understand personal responsibility and common sense are illegal .

1 the last airbender received 5 awards : worst picture , worst director , worst screenplay , worst supporting actor , and a special award , " worst eye-gouging mis-use of	my little sister wanted to watch it . she cried tears of rage
2 i hauled my dad and brother out to watch it . i will never live that down .	after reading all the bad reviews , i subtly manipulated by family to watch another movie while i watch tla . i had to see it ... for myself .

1 thinking of buying a third generation ( newer ) dodge challenger , either new or used . anything good / bad i should be aware of before purchase ?	watch the top gear episode where hammond drives it around america . season 12 ep 2 [ here ] ( http://www.gorillavid.in/cnb/bs9gqxxp6bd0 )

1 a nj store owner's shop got flooded in 1883 , soaking his entire stock of taffy in atlantic ocean salt water . when a little girl came in and asked	taffy is the most bullshit candy .
2 i will gut you like a fish .	no , you will be far too busy picking that bullshit candy called ' taffy ' from your teeth .

1 according to rotten tomatoes , the toy story trilogy is the most critically acclaimed trilogy of all time .	the claw ... it moves !

1 many scholars think that the gospel of mark ended with an empty tomb without a ressurection	wasn't it normal for a body to be buried after a few days ? guess they forgot to tell people .
2 yeah , normal was to leave the bodies up on the cross as a warning to others who would oppose roman rule .	as was roman custom , but not the jewish custom .

1 in the united states , more money is stolen by employers from employees each year than is stolen in robberies , burglaries , larcenies and auto thefts combined . the	and how much is stolen by the companies ?

1 mike myers was sued by universal pictures for $ 3.8 million for backing out of a contract for a feature film . myers said he refused to honour the $	making the love guru was so much wiser a choice .
2 i liked it . not the citar ending but i liked .	how dare you like something that is widely accepted as bad . downvote !
3 i'm guessing you weren't here for the whole the village thing this morning .	oh what was this about now ? link ?

1 since 2002 england has scored 17 goals in the world cup , miroslav klose has scored 15 .	england 17 - german 15 were still beating them to this day
2 since the start of the wc 2002 , germany has scored 50 goals !	that . is . insane . that has to be more than any other team by far , no ?

1 at the height of the irish potato famine in 1847 , almost 4,000 ships carried food from ireland to england and scotland while 400,000 irish died of starvation and related	i just think it's nice that the natives send some money to help .
2 that tribe had a history of turmoil too . they were forced to march for days with no food or water by the americans from their ancestral homes to a	is that the trail of tears that the museum of bioshock infinite is based on ?

1 melinda duckett committed suicide following an interview with nancy grace regarding the disappearance of her son .	i hate nancy grace . i hate nancy grace so much . if nancy grace were on fire , and i was holding a glass of water , i would
2 if nancy grace * wasn't * on fire , and i was holding some matches and gasoline ...	foreigner here . what did she do ?
3 in your country , are you able to open links ? because , if you do , it tell's you what she did .	in your country , are you able to conjugate words with apostrophes ? because , in america , you aren't .

1 : the first legal slave owner in what would become the united states was a black man	shhhhh , people don't like facts supported by evidence . it's racist ! didn't you get the memo ?

1 there's a giant hole called the devil ’ s kettle that swallows half a river and no one has any idea where it goes . over the years , researchers	rope ? world's longest rope ?

1 the queen herself refrains from singing the ' god save the queen ' when it is being performed	well that's pretty obvious , the sex pistols weren't very fond of the queen .
2 i'm not talking about the sex pistols song , obviously . :)	obviously he was joking

1 singer tom waits successfully sued the lapd . he was wrongfully arrested for disturbing the peace when , outside a coffee shop , he intervened a group of men who	for $ 7,500 ... the lawyer is the only one who got anything out of the suit .
2 you could buy a new car for $ 7500 in 1977 . my sister bought her pontiac firebird for about that much then .	$ 7,500 in 1977 is the equivalent of $ 29,497 . 90 in 2014 . [ source ] ( http://data.bls.gov/cgi-bin/cpicalc.pl?cost1=7%2C500.00&year1=1977&year2=2014 ) edit : correction
3 i'm so loaded in 1977 .	a lot people were loaded in 1977 .

1 a struggling young harper lee once received one year's wages as a gift from a friend with the note : " you have one year off from your job to	if she is ' struggling ' at the point of receiving " one year's wages " then she must have received ' not much '

1 there's a city in georgia with 90 miles of golf cart paths parallel to the normal road network . more than 9000 families in peachtree city use golf carts as	there's an island near me for pretty much only super-rich people , and the few tourists that find out about it , where there are no cars , only golf
2 catalina off the coast of california ?	this has got to be it .

1 in 1524 a statue of virgin mary was charged as being a witch and was sent to a trial by water , when the statue floated they denounced it as	can't wait until you read about the [ cadaver synod ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cadaver_synod )
2 " dude , that's not what habeas corpus means ! "	was habeas corpus even a thing in europe before the magna carta ?

1 while humans possess three types of color receptor cones in their eyes , a mantis shrimp carries sixteen color receptive cones giving them the ability to recognize colors that are	they've also got a killer falcon punch .

1 when michael foot was put in charge of a nuclear disarmament committee , the times announced the news with the headline " foot heads arms body "	so where's the @i_stop_all_puns guy when you need'm ? ! ?

1 the only senator to vote against the us entering the second world war , after the pearl harbor attack , defended her position by saying " as a woman ,	i am too fat to be an astronaut . cancel nasa .
2 nasa is a positive thing . war is not .	it is when hitler was trying to take over the world .

1 daft punk named their band after a negative review that dubbed their music as " a bunch of daft punk . "	reminds me of how rich kids on lsd got their name .

1 research on dare ( drug abuse resistance education ) has largely shown it to be ineffective , and in some cases it has increased the use of drugs at schools	a classic from bash.org : at my school .. the cop from dare passed around 3 joints to show everyone ... and he said " if i dont get all
2 30 minutes ? come on people .. look , look , pass .	i must admit , i laughed longer then i should have at this . haha

1 the british monarch is immune from arrest in all cases . no arrest can be made " in the monarch's presence " , or within the " verges " of	the monarch is exempt unless an act of parliament specifically states that the law applies to the monarch too .
2 wouldn't the monarch have to sign it for the act to become law though ?	yeah , but they'd sign . no real way not to without the political fallout being disastrous .
3 " we're here to arrest you , but first sign this please . "	yes , that is the british thing to do .

1 in 1979 , an unknown group of people paid for the erection of the " georgia guidestones " , 6 granite slabs that instruct the survivors of an apocalyptic scenario	swahili and hebrew , but not french ... til my langage sucks .

1 the lion king game led to the creation of direct x	more importantly , gameplayers rated awarded it game of the year on the sega genesis over sonic 3 and sonic and knuckles ? wut ? ?

1 steven spielberg has officially been working with mark protosevich ( wrote the story for thor , wrote the screenplay for i am legend ) on the next installment of the	that's really exciting ! this totally reminded me i have a copy of jurassic park and i'm going to watch it because it's a great movie . i don't own

1 the chinese philosopher zhuangzi first proposed the " matrix philosophy " after dreaming he was a butterfly . " now i do not know whether i was then a man	i always remember this from the game persona when i was younger .

1 arnold schwarzenegger did not accept his california governor's salary of $ 175,000 per year because of his already substantial wealth from his acting career .	reddit where if a [ democrat declines his salary ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/punff ) it is because he is some kind of philanthropist . when a republican declines his salary it
2 huh ? the highest voted comments on that page are all saying that he did it because he was already rich .	you're absolutely right . don't worry , i'm sure the op will apologize for his / her egregious and obvious error any second now .

1 sony after the 2012 security breaches changed psn user agreement to require users to agree not to sue sony over any future security breach .	perfect way to cover your ass .

1 there are hundreds of variations of chess	chess boxing . we have a winner .

1 john harvey kellogg , inventor of corn flakes , advocated circumcision of young boys ( without anesthetic ) , and the application of acid to the clitorises of young girls	just reading that made my ladyparts hurt ...

1 the author of uncle tom's cabin rewrote much of the book from memory in old age believing it to be an entirely new work due to her dementia	harriet beecher stowe is my ancestor , this is true . she recorded much of it in diaries that my family donated to a museum in new england .

1 the scooby-doo movie ( 2002 ) was originally going to be dark and pg - 13 , with marijuana jokes and a side relationship between velma and daphne	they should re-release it as planned

1 a group of 30 siberian bears took over a platinum mine , killing two workers and forcing everyone to retreat .	did the miners nearly escape ?

1 there exists a double big mac in some countries with four meat patties ...	i went to mexico last summer and saw it at a mcdonald's in a wal-mart . needless to say i had to try it ... and a few mcdonald's around

1 justin beiber almost never had a career because his mother didn't want him to associate with the jewish talent agent who tracked him down .	see that would have been great parenting

1 after the watergate scandal , steve rogers was so distraught that he abandoned his role as captain america . he later re-assumed his identity only after realizing that captain america	pity captain america represents an america that nooner exists . should be replaced with titanium man or some other russian superhero now to represent the us . spying on its
2 you don't think spying corruption and muzzled media was a thing at any time back then ? oh naive children of reddit ...	the funniest part is when echelon authorizing al gore called out obama for spying . lol !

1 the reason mickey mouse wears gloves is so that his hands can be seen when they're in front of his body	masturbating mouse
2 do you masterbate with gloves ?	yeah .

1 steve jobs called his lsd experiences " one of the two or three most important things [ he had ] done in [ his ] life "	remember this is the guy that tried to treat his cancer with a healthy diet , so his judgement isn't the best .

1 , in china , taco bell operated as a full-serviced restaurant selling more traditional mexican cuisine as well as alcoholic beverages .	so the taco bell's in china are like demolition man's taco bell ?

1 as a child elon musk was bullied so severely he once had to be hospitalized because of a beating from other students	success ... the best revenge .
2 it's kinda obvious this guy is going to become a super villian .	heres hoping he turns out like hank scorpio .

1 a young charlie wilson's dog was killed by a next door neighbor who was running for city council by mixing crushed glass into the dog's food . charlie wilson retaliated	i don't really see how mixing crushed glass into dog food would get any voters on your side . second worst political platform ever .
2 what's the worst political platform ?	killing jews .

1 there is a species of deer with fangs .	[ * gasp * ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/155/594/yesitis2.gif )

1 director john ford was so saddened that 29 of the 30 soliders he profiled for his wwii documentary " the battle of midway " ended up dying in the attack	wait a second ... this isn't / r / todayilearned !
2 yeah , interesting content and no racism . definitely not / r / todayilearned .	what happened in / r / todayilearned with racism ? ? ?

1 north korea has the 4th largest army , the largest special forces and the largest submarine fleet in the world .	all run by windows vista .
2 you might be interested in the os they actually use . it's called red star and it's a flavor of linux . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Red_Star_OS	form what i saw they barely use red star and mostly use xp . border control used it as well as the central library . military might be different .

1 british police cars carry a teddy bear to console children after an accident	i wonder if the brits know the " teddy bear " based off teddy roosevelt .

1 : when ketchup is labeled " fancy " it's actually a usda grade meaning it's thicker than standard ketchup .	i call stupid people thick . now , i'll call them fancy .
2 did you know that tom arnold once called roseanne " thick as packet of fancy ketchup " during a heated argument ? tyl !	yes i knew that , so tidl bitch .

1 the bite of a german shepherd dog has a force of over 238 pounds . i always thought i could take a dog in a fight until now .	if i attack you i can use my hands , arms , legs , feet and head . if a dog attacks it has only one weapon ... it's just

1 stephen king once called glenn beck " satan's mentally challenged younger brother . "	he has a house down the road from me , in bridgton maine . i see him getting food all the time . i try not to bother him though

1 in the late 1600s london was plagued by an attacker who would spank his victims with a rod and shout " spanko ! " before running away	spanko , early youtuber . " its just a prank i swear ! its a social experiment "

1 - the guy behind crystal pepsi considered it the best idea he ever had , with one flaw : " it would have been nice if i'd made sure the	[ enjoying a nice crystal pepsi ] ( http://youtu.be/CGwibPdEOVk )

1 the seal of the city of atlanta features a phoenix because it is the only major american city that's been completely destroyed by war . it was burnt to the	washington d . c . was burned by the british in the war of 1812 .

1 vampire bats will die if they can't find blood for two nights in a row . luckily , generous well-fed bats will often regurgitate blood to share with others ,	it's clearly a case of " scratch my back , i'll puke up blood "

1 time travel is technically possible	so i guess that is time travel relative to everyone else on earth . this means you cannot travel into the past though ?
2 generally speaking , the grandfather paradox is a strong argument against travelling into the past ( what if you prevent your own birth , or the construction of the time	i personally think ufo's are our future race testing time travel . highly militarized and controlled testing .

1 during the vietnam war , a us task force known as ' tiger force ' routinely cut of the ears of its victims to make necklaces from them .	they still exist . i believe they are a lrrs unit within the 101st .

1 the nobel committee declined to award the nobel peace prize in 1948 because " there was no suitable living candidate . " this was meant as tribute to mahatma gandhi	i read gandhi's autobiography , and when i used to sit outside around san francisco reading it ... i had maybe 10 indian's yell at me not to believe the
2 it's a very modern edgy thing to hate on him . watch this sub as someone will bring up " til gandhi slept naked with his underage nieces " for	i perfer the one where for the majority of his youth he wrote about how blacks should be exterminated in south africa . gandhi is a pretty complicated character .

1 the riaa tried to sue limewire for $ 72 trillion in damages - - an amount of money larger than the entire planet's gdp .	can someone explain how limewire got sued but the creators of the bittorrent protocol are safe ?

1 not sure if this has been posted somewhere in the thread already , but i was suprised to discover that an actress , who played shae , sibel kekilli ,	is there something wrong with me that i found it more interesting that she's german ?

1 when dale earnhardt fatally crashed into the wall at daytona international speedway in 2001 , his car experienced g-forces ranging from − 68g to − 48g	what's the difference between a g force of 68 and a g force of − 68 ?

1 the wrestler mick foley became a fan of tori amos in 1993 . after meeting her in 2008 , he got involved in a group she started to aid abused	that man is kind .

1 evidence for the egyptian enslavement of the israelites has not yet been found outside of the bible ; only evidence that it never happened	someone has posted this once before . however , i remember there also being another post several months ago which was a link about the egyptians having there own myth
2 yeah key word * myth *	they key though is that the egyptians wouldn't have a myth about a jew leading his people to freedom unless there were jews in egypt .

1 shakira was banned from her school choir because her music teacher didn ’ t think she could sing and ' sounded like a goat '	shakira had a well-trained music teacher . edit : thank you for the gold , kind stranger ! i am eternally grateful ! :)
2 i would hate having to conduct a choir with shakira in it . i can think of exactly zero people who could blend with her . dear op , choirs	yes , but saying someone sounds like a goat is another thing .
3 she kind of does sound like a goat when she sings . i enjoy some of her music btw .	i haven't thought about it before , but if you picture goatboy from snl singing " hips don't lie " it sounds the same ...

1 keanu reeves ' wife died in a car accident on her way back to an all night party at marilyn manson's house , and her family blames manson for her	not his wife , just a girlfriend .

1 there was a planned , but unmade episode of doctor who in which an alien would attach itself to jk rowling and project her imagination on the real world .	i really wanted to see an episode where the doctor takes the beatles for a ride in his tardis for a trip through an alien land that inspires yellow submarine
2 lucy in the sky with diamonds does have a literal meaning , it was inspired by a child's drawing called " lucy in the sky with diamonds " that was	oh , i know . i am just saying there could be a better literal meaning .

1 in the brothers grimm version of cinderella the ugly stepsisters cut off their toes and heels respectively to fit into the slipper . each time the prince is fooled ,	i like their snow white version .
2 what is the snow white version like ?	actually , it would make marquis de sade very proud : in the end the queen is forced to dance in glowing-hot iron shoes until she dies .

1 pastor maldonado has never seen the chequered flag of the first 2 races of the f1 season .	wow , i have never looked at pastor's complete formula 1 record before , but it looks absolutely terrible . apart from his win and one fifth place , his
2 which ironically is his best circuit . to be fair to him , he was going to be 6th there in 2011 in his rookie year , except lewis decided	we don't talk about 2011 .

1 the town fucking , austria ’ s only reported crime was theft of many fucking road signs . in ‘ 05 they were replaced with antitheft ones & cctv cameras	do you have any history of how that name came to be ?
2 how about reading the wikipedia article the post links to ? there it is explained	at the time , i was at work , so i couldn't . they don't mind if i interact with people in the cat boxes , but viewing pages is

1 hugh laurie from house was set to become an olympic rower , following the success of his father winning gold in the 1948 olympics . it was glandular fever which	the british will more likely recognise him as hugh laurie from blackadder .

1 marcus licinius crassus created the first known roman fire brigade . when a fire broke out , his crew did absolutely nothing until crassus had negotiated a price for their	he also went on to become an ambassador and died by having silver poured down his throat . fun times
2 gold , no ? [ those pesky parthians .. ] ( http://images.tvfanatic.com/iu/t_slideshow/v1396483024/viserys-targaryen.gif )	what's this from ?

1 waylon jennings claimed to have spent $ 1,500 daily to satisfy his addiction to cocaine , draining his personal finances and leaving him bankrupt with debt of up to $	i mean , he did $ 1 ' 500 of cocaine a day ... if you did that much coke you'd probably forget that it was actually more like $

1 when genghis khan sent a trade caravan to the khwarezmid empire , the governor of one city seized it and killed the traders . genghis khan retaliated by invading the	ok , for a * really * interesting read , check out conn iggulden's series about genghis and kublai khan . iirc this part was in book 2 or 3

1 fairly oddparents used voices of ppl like alec baldwin , steve irwin , dana carvey , and jay leno ( who was the crimson chin )	crimson chin's character design was a total rip off of the tick . or maybe drawn by same person ? too lazy right now ...

1 marilyn vos savant received nearly 1,000 letters of complaint with signatures bearing phds after ( correctly ) stating that choosing to switch doors in the monty hall problem would double	thank you for this article . it reminds me of the lengths an australian md . had to go to in order to prove that stomach ulcers were caused by
2 " et cetera " cannot be used with only one point of data given .	perhaps you thought you were making a brilliant point ? this is not data . this is an example . progress can be made by connecting examples .

1 the pringles guy's first name is julius .	man , he looks like a julius .

1 abc aired saving private ryan on veteran's day , unedited , every year starting in 2001 . the practice ended in 2004 ( the year of nipplegate ) , when	that's a damn shame ; hands down one of my favorite movies . i love the ones you can really connect with , the beginning , when the mother receives

1 german interrogator hanns scharff was against using physical torture on pows . he would instead take them out to lunch , on nature walks and to swimming pools , where	kind of reminds me of bob ross . overall nice ex-military guys that found art as a calling later in life .

1 the scrubs episode which poked fun at multi-camera sitcoms won an emmy for " outstanding multi-camera picture editing " .	i'll just add this to the list of why scrubs is the best show that's been on television in a looong time .
2 i love scrubs . absolutely love it . 30 rock and community are / have been as good .	30 rock was great , but i think it lacked the deep emotional impact and staying power that scrubs had .
3 it's a matter of taste , i don't like emotions in comedy . that's why i love 30 rock . that's also why parks and rec irritates me at times	well , then were are in the entirely wrong great tv show debate and should move this to seinfeld and its always sunny . 30 rock still tries for the

1 it took 10 episodes for producers to realize the mighty morphing power rangers colors might be considered racist	the black guy in the thumbnail looks like he's reading the title saying " really ? "

1 edge of tomorrow , adapted from all you need is kill by hiroshi sakurazaka , who was inspired from his experience from playing video games ; when getting stuck on	i need to watch this movie . at first all i thought was " what's the big deal ? it's just a super badass groundhog day . " but from
2 " super badass groundhog day " sounds like a pretty sound reason to watch this movie .	excellent point actually

1 the roar from the t-rex in jurassic park is a baby elephant mixed with a tiger and an alligator , and its breath is a whale's blow .	what sounds do alligators make ?
2 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l3rzkrm98J0&feature=fvwrel	this one . listen to this one .

1 rick and morty started as the adventures of doc and mharti , " a pornographic vandalization , " of back to the future where " doc brown urges mharti that	it's not a mouth based video game

1 art spiegelman , the creator of maus ( a pulitzer prize winning anthropomorphic comic about nazi concentration camps ) also created the garbage pail kids .	i loved maus , and i loved garbage pail kids !

1 chris duhon is jarrett jack's cousin	ahh , so basketball-skill * can't * be blood-related . ^ sigh edit : format

1 under ceo carly fiorina , hp sold over $ 120 million in computers and printers to iran despite us sanction policy , through a foreign subsidiary	also while she was ceo of hp and they were doing poorly she laid off a few dozen thousand people while tripling her salary . by the way that is
2 you don't know how businesses work if you think she raised her own salary and that the majority of the executives didn't agree with her decisions to lay them off	i haven't seen an attack ad on her , but i have been following the hp thing for a long time . obviously changes had to be made of hp

1 jehovah's witnesses have falsely predicted the end of the world 20 times .	this is a fucked up group who are required to recruit or " save " people . if they " save " someone who is less off than them ,
2 sounds like what regular christians do in africa if you ask me .	you are totally right . i'm definitely not standing up for christians .

1 at the north pole it is whatever time you say it is .	in-correct , it still uses timezones that are spread an hour apart , this means that there are a total of 24 times it can be .
2 there are several time zones that are off by other increments - either 30 minutes or maybe even 15 minutes . i think saudi arabia and pakistan or something .	newfoundland standard time is an example of this . http://www.timeanddate.com/library/abbreviations/timezones/na/nst.html
3 i don't think those other zones stretch up to the north pole , though .	they do .

1 genesis p-orridge ( of throbbing gristle ) and his late wife underwent a series of surgical procedures to look like the same hybrid pandrogynous entity--two halves of an identical person	sounds like they were made for each other .

1 in the 1600 ' s london was plagued by an attacker who would grab unaccompanied women , lift their dress , smack their bare bottoms and yell " spanko !	that's the sort of history you usually don't expect to last 400 years after the fact .
2 i wonder if they'll be reading tils about 4chan in 400 years	" til of a man known only as op who was widely regarded as the king of all the homosexual people at the start of the 21st century . "
3 " what is perhaps most remarkable is the sheer volume and diversity of op's work covering an unprecedented range of subjects and appearing on a wider range of websites and	" til in the 1600 ' s london was plagued by an attacker who would grab unaccompanied women , lift their dress , smack their bare bottoms and yell "

1 when genghis khan sent a trade caravan to the khwarezmid empire , the governor of one city seized it and killed the traders . genghis khan retaliated by invading the	> genghis khan even went so far as to divert a river through the khwarezmid emperor's birthplace , erasing it from the map holy shit
2 genghis khan don't play .	i don't know about that ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7i9ozy739c8
3 what the fuck did i just watch .	have some more : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XwwluO5kEZ4

1 the nazis believed that britain was the most " racially pure " country of all the germanic nations , even more so than germany .	in your face , europe
2 err .. did i miss something ? last time i checked both the uk and the nazi's are / were both in europe . so your comments make as much	uk has always maintained a sense of being not quite in europe culturally . certainly geographically we are in , but theres always been a sense of europe and us
3 actually geographically we can be * argued * to be distinct , too . some definitions of continents exclude constituent islands . the continent being the mainland , islands being	fantastic , that makes it even better . the sardinians , corsicans , cretans and cypriots , and lest we forget the maltese , are in good company then .

1 555 is the thai variation of lol , as 5 in thai is pronounced ' ha ' , three of them being " hahaha "	555
2 jajajajajajajajajajajajajajaja	hu3hu3hu3hu3 !

1 the romans saw wearing pants as a sign of barbarism .	pants would slow down orgies , and make escapes from inappropriate rendezvous a more haphazard process . easy access , now there's a forward thinking idea we have yet to
2 i will endorse getting rid of pants as long as we can also use it as an opportunity to bring back the business beard . i believe that all of	strange suggestion , considering the romans were clean-shaven .
3 i'm aware , i simply want to combine the roman's lack of pants and the prestige of business beards .	the scottish ?

1 matt stone & trey parker had people warn them that there would be mormon protests surrounding their musical " the book of mormon " , but the church has had	mormons are by far some of the nicest people i have ever met . consistently .
2 unless your their gay son / daughter	good mormon friend has a gay brother , and the entire family loves him and his so

1 ozzy osbourne's entire genome has been analyzed by scientists to determine how he survived decades of extreme drug abuse .	yeah and look at him . he's completely normal and unaffected .

1 ign.com is owned by fox news king pin rupert murdoch since 2005 .	the only problem i have with ign is their incredibly lax rating system . they generally care more about helping the video game industry with selling games , even though
2 that whole kane and lynch accident says hi .	haha ok granted . at least their critics were truthful .

1 : the coal burning power plants in the united states released 155 times more radiation into the environment in 1982 than the three mile island nuclear accident did in 1979	it's ironic that most environmentalists hate nuclear when coal is the usual alternative . until solar is viable , ( modern ) nuclear is by far the best option for

1 the mexican gov . attempted to ban religion in the 1917 .	you know what ... i unsub from / r / athiesm and that damn circle jerk still seems to pop up on my feed some way or another .

1 a japanese scientist made a replica of tokyo using oat flakes to represent population centers and bright light to represent mountains , water , and other obstacles on a dish	further reading / photos : http://scienceblogs.com/notrocketscience/2010/01/21/slime-mould-attacks-simulates-tokyo-rail-network/

1 the first native american who met the pilgrims at plymouth colony walked into their encampment and greeted them in english .	i don't know if anyone is interested , but my friend has a bunch of land in wv and there is a bunch of rock in the side of a
2 there was a documentary about how america was discovered several times by other people long before columbus and showing how it was possible . the most far fetched one was	muslim explorers were apparently one if the early discoverers

1 the incarceration rate in the usa is the highest in the world , and that the incarceration rate of its black population exceeds that of south africa at the height	one of the factors is that we have longer sentences that most other countries .
2 this is a very , very large factor . i was unaware of this until just recently . apparently the us incarcerates at roughly the same rate as canada and	i believe the return rate is higher in the us as well .

1 john lennon's assassin was motivated by more than just a crazy obsession with " the catcher in the rye " . mark david chapman was a born-again christian , and	born-again christians are usually goddamn crummy phonies

1 some people can voluntarily equalize the pressure in their ears by ' flexing ' open their eustachian tube .	i just figured everybody could do this .

1 prairie dogs have a developed language for describing predators , and can describe a human , including that it is a human , its speed , and the colour of	this is not language . language has syntax , and the sparse amount of information in the wiki article seems to imply that they might have semantic grouping ( big
2 true , but it also requires more than just syntax . kanzi is the closest animal to know language , and he's still really , really , really , far	i'm aware , i'm just pointing out the most obvious " this is definitely not language " aspect of conspecific prarie dog calls .

1 msg is not that bad for you . the public's misconception of msg is based off of one anecdotal and unscientific study .	not much of a surprise how ignorant all the top comments are . msg goes under many different names and as an excitotoxin it is not healthy for you .

1 billionaire j . paul getty refused to pay $ 17m ransom for his kidnapped grandson . when the teenager's severed ear arrived , he agreed $ 3m but only paid	please tell me his son killed him in his sleep or something . thats just fucked up .

1 einstein was stopped so much in public , he would reply , " pardon me , sorry ! always i am mistaken for professor einstein . "	einstein spoke a bit like yoda
2 you want an old jew should change how he talks ? for this we survived the nazis ? always the fancy gentile way you want .	oh gods i can hear it perfectly , sounds a bit like mort from family guy

1 the world's most translated book by a living author was written in two weeks .	i wonder why the bible wouldn't qualify as the most translated book .

1 serial killer john wayne gacy ( killing at least 33 young men ) was very active in local community activities . as a result of his contributions , he met	i don't understand how over and over and over it's " a youth began working for gacy and disappeared within week " and no one just arrested him and poked

1 anne hathaway wanted to be a nun when she was young . however , she lost respect for the catholic church at age fifteen when " i realized my older	it's refreshing to hear of people rejecting their faith and accepting their family instead of vice versa .

1 ozzy osbourne once got so wasted before a meeting with the german head of cbs europe , he left thinking he had ' lightened the mood ' with a striptease	if there was ever a time for / u / awildsketchappeared ‎ to show up it is now .
2 say three times something something ...	something something something something

1 wwii german ace heinrich ehrler's last words were : " theo . i have run out of ammunition . i'm going to ram this one . good bye . we'll	can we please not turn / r / todayilearned into / r / quotes ?

1 dr . seuss cheated on his wife while she had cancer , after his wife killed herself after finding out about the affair dr . seuss married his mistress .	the ny times article from 2000 is much more enlightening than a brief mention in the wiki article . these people sound sort of shallow , but at least honest

1 people keep asking about margaret thatcher . many misunderstand or misremember what her policies revolved around . so , posting this excerpt from wikipedia to help educate the subreddit .	i was growing up in liverpool during the thatcher era . the line that struck me , amongst all the lauding of her economic policies , was " however this
2 the thing i like about liverpool is that you never ever hear them moan about any issues they are having .	is that you boris ?

1 singapore is the only country that was ever granted independence against it's will after it was expelled from malaysia in 1965 . the country then defied skeptics regarding its survival	overall sounds like a better deal then if it turned into some kind of civil war .

1 an animated short about the simpsons shown before a feature film received higher critical acclaim than the movie itself	and really , it was ok . i like the animation but the story was terribly cliché .

1 the cherokee believed that plants , in response to witnessing suffering in the world , created a medicinal plant to cure each disease . when a medicine man did not	a cute way to dress up the fact that you don't know what you're doing !

1 missy elliot qualified as a genius through an iq test as a child , skipped two grades of school , only to deliberately fail afterwards so she could return to	ain't no shame ladies do your thing , just make sure you ahead a the game .

1 the emerald jewel wasp can remove a cockroach's fight or flight response . this renders the cockroach docile , enabling the wasp to lead it around like a dog .	wasps are incredible , especially the manipulation of neural and behavioural activity of other species . the * glyptapanteles * wasps lay eggs in caterpillars ... yeah yeah we know
2 but does the caterpillar die after a period or does it simply continue with its life ?	this kills the caterpillar .

1 the labrador dog is from newfoundland and the newfoundland dog is from labrador .	labrador and newfoundland are the same province anyways , so they come from the same place .
2 same province but two totally different cultures . it's funny to see newfoundland and labrador put together , but we never say it like that . people from the actual	naw , prob 85 % of labbies have been to the island ; shopping , healthcare , school , etc . there's only like 30k ppl in labrador .
3 yeah pretty much . places like labrador city are comprised pretty much completely of newfs and children thereof , who consider themselves newfs . further north you go the less	wow i'm super not used to seeing my birthplace mentioned on reddit haha . but yeah you're right , it's pretty much a newfie culture but with a lot more

1 the invention of tea bags was an accident / misunderstanding . tea was meant to be removed from the bags before being used , but nobody told the first recipients	i tried reading through the wiki page but lost it at " tea-bagging machine " ... i'll see myself out now ...

1 during the 4th christian crusade , they changed their minds and attacked a christian city instead of muslims	kill the nonbelievers or whomever !

1 40 percent of all wikipedia vandalism is detected by a single bot . it has only 0.1 % false positives .	... on wheels ?

1 if wacky races had used the formula one point scoring system , the slag brothers in bouldermobile 1 would have been champions	dick dastardly and tigger are voiced by the same actor . o . o

1 the nobel prize winner and founder of silicon valley was a notorious racist that believed black culture would lead to average iq decreasing among blacks .	explain to me how black culture doesn't lead to a significant drop in average iq ? without any ebonics , swear words and frenetic hand gestures , please .

1 mother teresa did not administer painkillers to those infirmed in her homes for the dying ( one could " hear the screams of people having maggots tweezered from their open	maggots only eat dead tissue , so removing them shouldn't be painful .

1 trobriand islanders are unaware that pregnancy is caused by sex . instead , they think an ancestral spirit enters a woman's body to cause conception .	i thought that they believed menstual blood solidified when in contact with semen and then that became the body of the spirit .

1 the world's oldest person attributed her ripe old age ( 122 ) to a diet of olive oil , port wine and 1kg of chocolate per week .	re-re-re-re-repost .

1 fanta is available in hundreds of flavors , including " mushroom , " " red tangerine , " " lychee soursop , " and " banana fermented milk "	what does unflavored taste like ?

1 hitler loved pranks . he once tricked a high ranking nazi into thinking he was going on a suicide mission , causing him to escape , hand himself over to	i didn't read the article , why did a high ranking nazi have to " escape " ?
2 he thought hitler was sending him on a suicide mission so he escaped and handed himself over to the allies , but in actual fact it was just a prank	he escaped what ? ! that still doesn't make any sense . high ranking officers generally don't need to escape from their own military !
3 oh right , my bad . he was in a plane being flown around over germany , but he thought he was going somewhere else to parachute in , and	ah i see . well i read the article now , i'm off work .

1 rolling stone gave many artists bad reviews , then changed to good reviews after they became famous . examples include the beatles , led zeppelin , black sabbath , ac	rolling stone is to music as ign is to games . just ignore them and they'll eventually disappear .

1 the dutch were the first to salute the american flag , and therefore the first to acknowledge the independence of , the united states on 16 november 1776 .	the dutch : america's bitches since 1776 .

1 the original playboy bunnies were required to be able to identify 143 brands of liquor and how to make 20 different cocktails as part of their job requirements .	they were waitresses .. all waitresses and bartenders should know these things . why do servers looks like a deer in headlights when you ask what beer is on tap
2 not gonna lie dude , i've been working in a bar for 2 years and i still don't know the goddamn difference . beer is beer . : edit :	you're the motherfucker who keeps giving me guinness black lager whenever i try to get a stout , aren't you ? fuck that shit .

1 oral sex was illegal in canada ... until 1969 .	it still is illegal in georgia , usa

1 steve jobs fathered a daughter , denied paternity , and left her on welfare with her mother even after he became a multimillionaire	can we all agree that this guy was a fucking cunt now ?
2 it's a lot more complex than that . if you haven't done so , i suggest you read his biography ( or listen to it like i'm almost finished doing	so he cared about making money ... i hate that this is something people admire .

1 lucille ball claimed she picked up radio signals on her dental work and reported it to authorities resulting in the bust of a japanese spy signal in la in 1942	what the hell were the japanese doing in louisiana ?

1 courage the cowardly dog was nominated for an oscar	the pilot got the nomination . that's a great way to show the execs that they have to greenlight it for a full show .
2 courage is one of those shows that i watched when i was younger and then it disappeared , but i still quote it all the time . no one seems	" hey , what ammai supposed to make-a now ? " " strudel . " " oh , good idea . "

1 the writing staff of futurama held three ph . d . s , seven masters degrees , and cumulatively had more than 50 years at harvard	welcome to the wooorrld of tomorrrooowwee

1 napolean wasn't actually short . he was actually a taller than average . british propaganda portrayed him as shorter .	this sounds like french propaganda to me .

1 the incarceration rate in the usa is the highest in the world , and that the incarceration rate of its black population exceeds that of south africa at the height	i think i figured it out - - most colleges are starting new semesters now . expect a repost of this in mid to late october .

1 the only player in nfl history to score a touchdown against every team is terrell owens .	misleading title , t . o . is the only player to score a * recieving * touchdown against every team , however when favre beat the pack in 09
2 he actually threw td's against the oilers too , making it 33 teams he's beaten .	yup , and as far as i'm concerned passing a td is just as much-if not more - " scoring " one as catching it

1 there's a skyscraper that has a highway passing through its 5th , 6th , and 7th floors in japan . the tower is the result of a strange compromise between	weve got 6 lanes going through our old post office http://www.vafchicago.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/4-Congress-Pkwy-LO.jpg . chicago post office and congress parkway

1 saving private ryan depicted combat so realistically that veterans left theaters during the opening scene , stating that it was the the most realistic depiction of combat they had ever	the scene where the guy doesn't help the other guy getting stabbed in the house , makes me cry and fills me with anger . that's what happened to my
2 not a vet or anything , but that scene really disturbed me	i don't think you have to be a vet to be disturbed by that scene . it was fucked up .
3 but it's such a powerful and honest scene . the mythos of military service that's fed to us is that it makes a man of you , that everyone rises	the whole scene is a metaphor for the holocaust .

1 on average over 12,000 people died per day during the battle of stalingrad . it lasted for 21 weeks .	man imagine what would have happened if the germans didnt delay operation barbarossa for 6 weeks in order to go help the italians fight in greece . hitler's biggest folly

1 , in the aftermath of katrina , the neighboring town of gretna , whose levies held , turned away refugees from new orleans at gunpoint	i grew up in gretna . the people who tried to cross the bridge into gretna were feared to be looters . there were already reports of rampant crime across

1 april 16 , 2016 will be the 500 year anniversary of bavaria adopting the reinheitsgebot . it is a law that said that the only ingredients that could be used	i never understood the reinheitsgebot . gose is a style of beer that originated in ~ ~ germany ~ ~ ~ ~ bavaria ~ ~ goslar and traditionally uses coriander
2 the salt was already in the water used to make gose most likely . recommended portion of salt in a gose is 0.75 oz per 5 gallons which is entirely	yep , the water in goslar has a pretty high salinity .

1 3 jewish prisoners escaped auschwitz in a stolen car while dressed as s . s guards	i'm pretty sure they weren't jews , i believe they were just good ol polaks . people often forget millions of others were killed along with the jews
2 jews escaping nazis yields more karma . who cares about the other 6 million people in death camps : the russians , the pows , the gypsies , the retarded	holy shit why are you turning this into some kind of conspiracy ? op made a simple mistake . he's not ignoring the plights of millions of non-jews .

1 paul bernardo - " the scarborough rapist " at the time was interviewed by detectives who concluded that such a " well-educated , well-adjusted , congenial young man could not	hey , im a scarborough . my high school friend lived across the street from the house bernardo grew up in .

1 ryan white , an hiv / aids spokesman in the 80s , was expelled from middle school after contracting hiv from an infected blood transfusion . 117 parents and 50	do realize that this was an entirely new and horrible disease with a lot of uncertainty about how it was spread .
2 right , but do you realize that these parents & teachers * were told * that it was not spread by casual contact at the time & they all made	education takes time . for some reason , you don't just dump information into people's heads .

1 , brian banks did 5 yrs in jail after a high school girl falsely accused him of rape . she also sued the school district & won $ 1.5 m	she should be charged with " false imprisonment and abduction , five years " which should give her a life sentence in jail .
2 yeah overreacting again , stay classy reddit . edit : seriously ? giving her prison time is a good thing , but he was there only for 5 years ,	ahh , you're ' dat friend ' ... the one i wonder why i still put up with the bullshit that comes out your mouth .

1 : the pittsburgh penguins intentionally threw the 1983 season to ensure they could draft mario lemieux . x-post / r / til	* the penguins were still , despite losing ten of their last twelve games , only two games away from losing lemieux to the devils * holy crap new jersey

1 jewel ( the singer ) almost died and was homeless because she didn't have medical insurance . the only thing that saved her was a generous doctor .	why do people believe the shit written on wiki ?

1 consuming a polar bear's liver will kill you because of it's toxic levels of vitamin a	don't quote wikipedia mate ... it's greenpeace propaganda .

1 stalin , while in his mid 30s , had an affair with a 13 year old girl and got her pregnant twice .	so how come it's not " til stalin was a pedophile " why is the clinical label not applied to the past ? i mean , we can look back
2 pedophilia is pre pubescent attraction , if she got pregnant she was post pubescent therefore it is not the same thing . how many times the earth has spun round	i think the question is do you want a 13 yearold teen screwing a 30 yearold man who sends people to serbia in his free time .
3 a better question is what business is that of yours . that question belongs to the girl and her family and stalin . hold on - i'll get him now	not like it matters because a . stalins dead , and all his dirty laundry is out to air . and b . because stalin's a public figure , and

1 some people can voluntarily equalize the pressure in their ears by ' flexing ' open their eustachian tube .	i didnt know i was special until i read this , ive been able to do this since i was a kid . i thought everyone could do it and

1 the ussr and the usa were originally in talks to jointly go into space together during the cold war . the ussr almost accepted but then president kennedy was assassinated	if i were kruschev , i wouldn't trust the guy who assassinated jfk either .

1 your leg can get paralyzed if you sit on your wallet too much .	i would've been so much happier living in ignorance ...

1 in wwii , a polish soldier volunteered to be thrown in auschwitz and escape to prove to the allies that the holocaust was real .	attn : steven spielberg . ditch the over-told lincoln story . this guys should have a movie .

1 during the falklands war , while the hms sheffield was sinking it's crew burst into song , singing monty python's " always look on the bright side of life "	it's funny as an american and somewhat of a history buff i have never even heard of this war . i guess american public school education just completely ignored it
2 its not important and the us did not participate . would rather kids learn about more important history .	typical

1 these are all the bahrain circuit layouts . is there any of them that you would rather see than the gp-layout ?	endurance for mercedes , gp for the rest .

1 a struggling young harper lee once received one year's wages as a gift from a friend with the note : " you have one year off from your job to	this kind of thing is too nice to happen these days .

1 mr snuffleupagus was revealed to the adults on sesame street in 1985 . the writers wanted children to have confidence that adults would believe them , making children less likely	holy shit i always thought it was snuffelufagus . wtf .

1 when the french king jean ii was prisoner of the english , he was allowed to return to france to raise money for his ransom , leaving his son as	good faith and honor , or afraid of what the english would do in return ?

1 john hughes shot the breakfast club and ferris bueller ’ s day off back to back to save money . he also used the same crew and sets , including	it would be awesome if he did it as like the 2 movies being connected but separate . like breakfast club is what happened the weekend before ferris bueller's day

1 until dec 2013 , mcdonald's employee help site advised workers to take food stamps , break food into smaller pieces to feel fuller , seek refunds for unopened presents ,	it should also be noted that at the mcdonald's i've worked at , no one knew there * was * an employee help site .
2 it should also be noted that mcdonald's didn't write this , they just paid another company to provide employee counseling as a benefit . also , the " break food	to be fair , i use my mouth to do this all the time .
3 and all this time i've been swallowing my food whole like a pelican .	" come on , pelican ! " https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=YE8nCNLylEM#t=14

1 russell brand was eligible to claim $ 22 million after divorcing katy perry , but declined .	leaving her was reward enough

1 jay-z and kanye performed their song " n * ggas in paris " 12 times in a row at a concert in paris	proving what a fucking joke they are .

1 john hughes wrote ferris bueller's day off in less than a week and went on to shoot the film on what was essentially his first draft of the script .	thank you mr . hughes for a complete 80 ' s masterpiece . please resist all hollywood temptation to reboot this as it should remain an untouched classic !
2 too late : * max keeble's big move *	mcgoogles the frog .

1 roller coaster tycoon was programmed by one guy . in assembly .	" chris sawyer originally wanted to create a sequel to his highly successful transport tycoon , but after becoming obsessed with roller coasters , he changed the project into rollercoaster

1 brittany murphy died of pneumonia ( and drugs ) as did her husband a year later . the cause of this coincidence is unknown but is believed to be due	i heard there is a conspiracy behind it and people believe they were murdered

1 thrift shop was the first song since 1994 that reached number 1 on the hot 100 chart without the support of a major record label	what was the previous song ?
2 i would guess ' loser ' by beck	beck is a deity .
3 i like me some beck , but ever since finding out he was a scientologist , i get weirded out when listening to his music . also , til beck	beck can be considered one of the few examples of something good coming from scientology . he's done great things for society , such as helping to mainstream the word

1 the average potato has lost 100 % of its vitamin a since 1951	i looked but couldn't make sense of it - - why in the world have today's varieties lost so many nutrients ? can we have an eli 5 ?
2 also can someone explain what is meant by " average potato " ? does that mean ( since some kinds of potato might have not lost all of their vitamin	it means they lost their vitamin a so consistently the final value rounded to 100 %

1 apple used ' carl sagan ' as a codename for a computer in the 1990s . carl sagan sent apple a cease-and-desist letter , and apple changed the name to	the circlejerk is strong with this one .

1 neerja bhanot , an indian flight , attendant hid the passports of american passengers on board a hijacked flight to save them from the terrorits . she died while attempting	wow . read the article : all the hijackers were captured by the pakistanis . - convicted and sentenced to death - death commuted to life sentence - all of
2 our allies in the war on terror . no wonder it's going so well . / s	and they wonder why we didn't tell them shit when we went after obl .

1 in the famous * casablanca * scene where french refugees defy the nazis by singing their national anthem , many are played by actual refugees who had just fled the	you werent messing about there kiddo ... http://youtu.be/KTsg9i6lvqU

1 , koreans reckon the pregnancy period as one year of life for infants , and age increments increase on new year's day rather than on the anniversary of birthdays .	korean girls hate korean age . they always introduce themselves by their western age .

1 as of 2009 , michael buffer had earned over $ 400 million from his trademark on the phrase " let's get ready to rumble "	let's get ready to feel like shit about ourselves after reading this

1 after 9/11 there was a proposal to " to consider ` taking saudi out of arabia ` by forcibly seizing control of the oil fields , giving the hijaz back	http://www.globalresearch.ca/plans-for-redrawing-the-middle-east-the-project-for-a-new-middle-east/3882

1 pumpkins , watermelons , avocados , and bananas are all berries while strawberries , raspberries , and blackberries are not	yep , and cherries aren't berries either . they are a [ drupe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drupe ) , like peaches , plums and coconuts . and almonds are a pit

1 we have the technology to display small holograms very similar to the ones in star wars but full-color , although it is not as portable as it is in the	... yet . first cell phones weren't so cool either . but now they're better than trekkies of old imagined
2 how many of us realisticly want to video conference * all the time * ? try answering a video call from your date , your mother , or your boss	or worse yet , if they catch you [ sittin on a bean bag , naked , eating cheetos . ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H68L_vV0LJQ#t=0m32s )

1 bill nye only has a bachelors of science	so do most educators of young people .

1 nutella and ferrero rocher chocolates are made by the same company .	have you never licked the inside of a ferrero rocher ? or looked at the label of nutella ?

1 rick astley only made $ 12 in royalties from the millions of youtube views and videos from rickrolling .	well at least he can buy lunch for 2 at mcdonald's from the dollar menu

1 chris farley was suppose to be the voice of shrek ( he was over 80 % done with the dialogue before he died )	they should release a version with all the parts he did complete .
2 they did release it , it was on some shrek dvd bonus thing , i still have it .	that was mike meyers still , before he tried the scottish accent . the stuff chris farley did was for pretty much an entirely different movie , with shrek being
3 i don't know where else to put this , but i searched mike meyers on wiki because i forgot who he was . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mike_Myers he was austin powers , dr	that's like the main gimmick of those movies ...

1 michael keaton was so against batman forever , that even $ 15 m couldn ’ t sway him to reprise his role .	val kilmer still did a fine job . batman forever kinda sucked but that was really because of the corporate intervention . kevin conroy will always be the best batman

1 : women who perform oral sex on their husbands decrease the chances of some complications during pregnancy . the incidence of such complications decreases further if she swallows .	i don't know if this is true or how it can be , but i'm definitely saving this post for the future when it will become very useful

1 there's a man who ran nonstop for 135 miles in 120f degrees across death valley , a marathon in the south pole in - 40f and did 50 marathons in	let's not forget he ran across the entire country ( san francisco to nyc ) over a month and a half ...

1 madison square garden only has 9 more years left on its lease until it is being forced to close and relocate so nyc can rebuild penn station .	if it does get relocated , i hope they rebuild penn station as it used to be .
2 as vincent scully compared the old version to the new , " one entered the city like a god . one scuttles in now like a rat . "	jesus , that's a good quote !

1 jurassic park iv is finally being made	they've already made 3 jurassic park movies

1 in the 1966 film adaptation of " fahrenheit 451 " the credits are spoken , not read , in keeping with the film's theme of destruction of reading material .	the movie is so terrible and so cheesy it's ridiculous .
2 i had to watch this in english once . it was really bad . i remember the terrible firetruck .	we complained when our english teacher wouldn't show us the movie . she responded by showing us one scene . we were convinced after that . on the other hand
3 out of sheer curiosity , which scene was it ?	i forget . it involved an explosion of some kind though .

1 when harvey weinstein wanted to edit princess mononoke to make it more marketable its director , miyazaki , sent weinstein a katana with a message stating " no cuts .	thank goodness . between the brilliance of miyazaki and the brilliance of neil gaiman ( screenplay adapter ) the movie was perfect .
2 i know ! but really , it was good old billy bob t . who pulled the whole thing together . / s ( p . s . watch it	the english dub was great .

1 shakuntala devi , an indian mental calculator , was asked to give the 23rd root of a 201 - digit number ; she answered in 50 seconds . her answer	> she was asked to give the 23rd root of a 201 - digit number so they asked her to figure out , * in her head * , what
2 not to brag about my own mathematical prowess , but i once split a dinner bill ten-ways ( between myself and nine friends ) without using my iphone .	is this you ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4p8mhQ9wINI&sns=em

1 president jimmy carter didn't like a magazine picture of a drug lord so he ordered his prosecution to the maximum extent of the law .	i think if you asked most people who didn't know ths which president did this , they wouldn't guess carter .

1 henry allingham , the oldest briton in history , credited his longevity to " cigarettes , whisky and wild , wild women – and a good sense of humour "	why is it always crazy shit like cigarettes , booze , or a " pound of chocolate a week " that they say made them live this long ? it's
2 i expect an interview in 80 years of an 130 year old redditor . " what's your secret of living this long ? " " 70 hours of reddit a	/ u / gallowboob
3 holy fuck , this guy has a damn sad life .	well he hasn't posted in 2 days and didn't post anything 5 and 6 days ago , so it's not like he's relentless . he has days off .

1 in 1994 the writers of toy story concepted wall-e , a bug's life , monster's inc . , and finding nemo all during a single lunch .	concepted ?
2 it's almost as if there should be a verb to mean that instead of trying to convert a noun into a verb . i think that if we put our	ideated .
3 came up with'd ?	i think most upvotes are given out by drunk people .

1 when asked about his participation in ' jaws : the revenge ' , michael caine famously replied " i have never seen the film , but by all accounts it	i found it impossible not to read that quote in his voice .
2 " trific . "	fuck you

1 mike tyson got into his first fight after an older boy had ripped the head off one of tyson's pigeons .	those children spawned a legend ... think how pissed they must be living in the shadow of the monster they created .

1 boys at spartan military training camps were encouraged to steal ; if they were caught they were punished . one case reported a boy who had stolen a fox and	dumb like a fox !

1 mr . potato head kits came without a body from 1952 until 1964 , expecting you to provide your own potatoes .	the original colorforms were nothing more than simple geometric shapes : squares , circles , triangles , etc of various sizes and colors . you used your imagination to make

1 rapper ice-t served four years in the army , was a squad leader for the 25th infantry division and received an honorable discharge	so when he says he's going to pop a cap in your ass , you should take it much more seriously than if any other rapper said it ?

1 " the safety dance " is a protest against bouncers stopping dancers pogoing to 1980s new wave music in clubs when disco was dying and new wave was up and	bounce ! pogo pogo pogo pogo pogo pogo
2 * somanyfriends * , but just one pogo stick !	i went out on a date with a girl a bit late .

1 the comedy film my cousin vinny is often praised by lawyers due to its accurate depiction of courtroom procedure , something very rare in films which portray trials . it	voir dire ? edit : > examination of the background of a witness to assess their qualification or fitness to give testimony on a given subject basically , the part
2 if i may disagree , i personally feel she earned it with [ this scene ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o21mTbkaTw0 ) .	i beg to differ , i feel she earned it with [ this scene ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wBawB6fFhmE ) .
3 maybe it's because i'm italian but she is so hot to me in this movie . i'm awestruck everytime i see her .	her hourglass figure .

1 the great pyramid of giza was once covered in highly polished white limestone , before it was removed to build mosques and fortresses .	one time a german or dutch archaeologist blew up a hole in the pyramids just to see what it looked like inside . turns out it seemed like a pile

1 the canadian government has banned members of the westboro baptist church from entering the country	those saying you can respect wbc's right to protest and they should be allowed to do such things regardless of the message they spew , please get some * *

1 when george washington passed away in 1799 , napoleon bonaparte personally gave a eulogy and ordered a ten-day requiem . in great britain , the entire royal navy lowered its	this right here shows how the us , france and britain will always be brothers .
2 absolutely :) so much shared history . ( funny thing about the napoleonic wars ( or at least the french revolutionary wars + napoleonic ) the us fought with the	maybe one day france and britain will join forces against the us , and the circle will be complete .

1 hobos are migrant worker , tramps work when forced to , and bums don't work at all .	i think there is a lot to that hobo code . i am an conductor on the bnsf . we broke a knuckle ( the thing that holds the cars
2 80 pounds ≈ 36.29 kg * * * * beta | bugs happen | pm for complaints *	do you ever reply to comments that are talking about the currency ?

1 sherlock holmes regularly injected cocaine because he believed it stimulated his brain .	never read the books , i suppose ?

1 the game ' dark souls ' was originally going to be called ' dark ring ' but had to be changed after the developers learned that in britain ring is	and yet sky * rim * still got through .

1 who does everyone think is the going to be the deepest team this year ?	t-wolves , only team i'm afraid might steal the warriors 8th spot .

1 the häagen-dazs ice cream creator was american and made up the brand name to sound danish , unique , and sophisticated . it doesn't mean anything .	we don't even use ä in denmark .

1 bruce lee could snatch a dime off a person's open palm before they could close it , and leave a penny behind	bruce lee is 7 feet tall and kills men by the hundreds , and if he were here he would consume the english with fireballs from his eyes and bolts
2 to be fair , all of this is a lot more likely that the shit he actually claimed .	do you mean bruce lee or op ? bruce was a fairly humble guy who freely admitted he wasn't nearly as good as people thought . he also constantly trying

1 in 2013 a heatwave of 86 ° f killed 760 people in britain .	try living in austin , texas !

1 despite having a net worth of over $ 50 billion , ikea founder ingvar kamprad still drives a ' 93 volvo . he also recycles tea bags and takes salt	the rich don't get rich by wasting money . that said there is sub a thing as too frugal , except it r / frugal , those guys are nuts
2 check out / r / frugal_jerk	thanks for the funny .

1 the name häagen-dazs is meaningless . the jewish creator wanted the name to be " danish-sounding " to honor the danish in their treatment of the jews during ww2 .	and yet it doesn't sound remotely danish . i would have guessed dutch at a push .

1 carl sagan was not an atheist stating " an atheist is someone who is certain that god does not exist , someone who has compelling evidence against the existence of	most people who claim to be atheists are actually agnostic atheists .
2 [ [ image summarizing difference between agnostic and atheist ] ] ( http://i.imgur.com/MYtoxmC.png )	thanks . i'm agnostic theist .
3 if you want to really freak people out you could say agnostic monotheist . just means you believe only one god exists . i've told people this is where i	i dunno . you'd have to be careful with that i think . i would just come off as a dumbass trying too hard to sound smart to the people

1 the entire goldeneye 007 game on n64 is only 12 mb .	seems people have forgotten how much 12mb actually is . 640kb ought to be enough for everyone after all .
2 back on my commodore 64 i used the [ paperclip ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PaperClip ) word processor . that thing was packed with features such as macros , math functions ,	iirc office 2013 requires 1-2 gb of free space to install . where did you get 112mb from anyway ? libreoffice is like ... over 200mb i think , easily

1 while in the military mr . t was ordered to cut down trees as a punishment by a sergeant . he cut down 70 trees in 3 1/2 hours before	i pity the tree

1 - it's a myth that kobe beef cows are massaged and fed beer .	i really hope you see the irony in citing wikipedia as evidence against a myth .

1 bear grylls once rowed naked in a homemade bathtub for 22 miles down the thames river to raise money for a buddy who lost his legs in a climbing accident	typical reddit response will be : " les stroud would have done it in a safe canoe , with no camera crew or publicity , and he wouldn't have taken
2 the bear argument makes me laugh really .. we all sit here bitching about how bad he is . when the fact is , hes earning a fair bit doing	yep . plus he did a cool ama

1 the green bay packers are named after the indian packing company , who paid for their first uniforms on the condition the team be named after them .	partial truth . the team was originally named the green bay indians . curly lambeau , the founder of the team and employee of the indian packing company , changed
2 so where does acme packing company come in ?	indian packing was bought out by acme packing in 1921 , two years after the team was created . packers joined the nfl in 1921 so their namesake began to

1 john mccain broke both arms and a leg , then had his shoulder crushed when his plane went down in north vietnam . he was then tortured for two years	agree with him or not , he sounds like a real badass
2 you don't know him very well . slime through and through !	being slime doesnt mean he cant be badass .

1 while filming " the passion of the christ " jim caviezel , the actor that played jesus , was struck by lightning along with the assistant director , who was	what's the source on this ? mel gibson ? promoters of the movie ? lightning striking crew members 3 times and not killing any of them sounds pretty fucking unlikely

1 the heart ( shape ) symbolizing love came from the seeds of a contraceptive plant , not a stylized heart ( organ ) .	> the seed of the silphium plant , used in ancient times as an herbal contraceptive , has been * * * suggested * * * as the source of
2 > emphasis mine . removed citations . republican wikipedia .	haha , touché

1 in 1963 at age 11 , kurt russell starred in a movie with elvis presley . 16 years later , a 27 - year-old russell played elvis in a tv	11/16 / 15 - should we be expecting something from him this november 16th ? ? ?

1 ryan white , an hiv / aids spokesman in the 80s , was expelled from middle school after contracting hiv from an infected blood transfusion . 117 parents and 50	not surprising - people really weren't fully aware how it was spread back then .
2 the ryan white case ended up being the reason how / why most people learned how it was spread . edit : kid's a martyr in the true sense .	in the medical field he is always remembered , one of the first laws you learn going into it .

1 volkswagen made a car called the vw lupo , that made 50-80+ mpg depending on the engine . but when offered to the west , they said there was no	i've seen lupos in mexico . not really good looking , but it doesn't hurt your eyes either .
2 the lupo's in mexico aren't the same frame as the lupo's in europe . the mexican made " lupo " is actually the european vw fox . it's still a	well not really , since they sell the crossfox here as well . might be wrong though .

1 earth's rotation is slowing at a rate of approximately 17 milliseconds a century , and the length of a day for the dinosaurs was closer to 22 hours .	ah now i see how god made earth in seven days . he had a few hours we never knew about .

1 : twisted sister did 3,000 club perfomances and sold out the palladium theater in nyc all without a recording contract or radio airplay . no one in the biz would	we're not gonna take you ! ! - major record labels

1 after their boat was sunk by a sperm whale ( inspiration for " moby dick " ) some of the survivors decided to take the much longer east route to	the netflix show mysteries of the museum has a segment on this that is really interesting .

1 sue , the largest and most complete tyrannosaurus skeleton ever found , was going to be put in a private collection before companies including disney and mcdonald's helped fund the	anyone interested in field museum stuff , ( expedition footage , info on exhibits , behind the scenes of display prep ) check out the youtube channel the brain scoop

1 a swedish gotland-class submarine was able to evade escorts and sink the nimitz-class carrier uss ronald reagan in wargames in the pacific	kinda makes you think about the future of a surface fleet

1 nguyen ngoc loan , the police chief who executed a suspected viet cong officer in the now world famous picture taken by eddie adams , moved to the us and	" in 1991 , he was forced into retirement when he was recognized and his identity publicly disclosed . photographer eddie adams recalled that on his last visit to the

1 english mastiffs don't attack people who are threats , they use their size to pin them until a human they know arrives and tells them it's okay	the only citation on the page for that seems to be : sydenham edwardscynographia britannica , 1800 london : c . whittingham plus , it says they * generally *
2 aka the reason i get annoyed that most of til is stuff from wikipedia ..	because you can quickly out unreliable information as opposed to blindly believing a blog ?

1 msg is not that bad for you . the public's misconception of msg is based off of one anecdotal and unscientific study .	unless you are allergic to it , which sucks . i couldn't even eat doritos :/ outgrew that shit though . [ * * eat all the doritos ! *

1 the first female to circumnavigate the globe was a goat , affectionately nicknamed " the goat " , who traveled around the world twice with captains wallis and cook .	that goat is goat

1 iggy azalea is the only artist since the beatles whose first two hot 100 hits have ranked first and second simultaneously .	i have absolutely no idea who this person is . just listened to 30 seconds of " fancy " , which was one of the songs that got her this
2 where are you from ?	i live in south africa
3 i don't think the third world gets radio ?	i feel bad laughing

1 there are two 300 ton weights sliding back and forth to stabilize the john hancock tower	my ' cock is bigger than your ' cock : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Hancock_Center
2 but our cock is shiny and beautiful , yours is big and black and disgusting	so , what you're saying is : the size of a ' cock doesn't matter ?

1 , that masi oka , most notably remembered for his portrayal of hiro nakamura in heroes , was a digital effects artist on films like star wars , terminator ,	he needs to be in more movies . watching him on screen doing his thing is both captivating and hilarious .

1 venice island was built on a foundation of tree trunks . 1200 years later , those same trunks still support almost all of central venice .	san francisco's marina district was built on landfill . not as romantic i suppose .

1 members of westboro baptist church have been specifically banned from entering canada for hate speech .	canada doesn't have time for their shit .
2 " hi , we'd like to come to your country to create an uproar . " " no , noooo . sorry . "	" we'd prefer that you guys don't come in here if you wouldn't mind . sorry "
3 we're not actually as pathetic as popular imagination would have it . not all of us , anyway .	can confirm . source : have canadian friends who can be complete assholes

1 bayer , famous for producing aspirin , purchased prisoners at auschwitz to test new drugs	the end justifies the means .

1 the band " limp bizkit " chose their name to turn away people who judge music by the name of the artist .	i thought he did it for the nookie !

1 the word " ewok " is never spoken by anyone in return of the jedi . mind blown .	what about the song they sing at the end ? e wok wok e wok e wok wookie old chowwwwwwder
2 the original song that ended return of the jedi * * still * * makes me incredibly sad . i have no idea why .	yub-yub ?

1 " & " and " and " mean different things in movie credits . two writers ' names joined with " & " means they collaborated , while " and	wikipedia also used to use this convention in band names . e . g . " tom petty & the heartbreakers " is petty and his band , " tom
2 they used to ?	or maybe still do , i don't know

1 willie nelson used to visit the white house frequently and , at one point , smoked weed on its roof .	what ? ! how is that even possible ? when i went to the white house ( outside the gates looking in ) there were snipers rotating on the roof
2 i believe this was probably 20-30 years ago . snipers ( if they are indeed on the roof today ) probably weren't on the roof at that point .	if they were they were probably pretty blazed
3 target down . mannnn	whooaa bra , enemy spotted !

1 sir john smith , who founded jamestown , was knighted by a prince of transylvania , for beheading three turkish commanders in 3 separate duels . he later captured as	yeah , i am sure he exaggerated none of this .

1 in 1994 crayola release scented crayons but had to retire the food scented ones after a year because parents complained that they " smelled good enought to eat "	my dog once ate a 64 box of crayons and proceeded to shit the rainbow .

1 during the battle of stalingrad , soviet losses were great enough that at one time , the life expectancy of a newly arrived soldier was less than a day and	https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stalingrad_%28book%29 this book by antony beevor is very interesting , if you have enough time to get through it & keep track of the units , positions , etc .

1 nikola tesla invented a controlled method of wireless power by 1891 , three years after the existence of electromagnetic waves was proved .	lots of modern devices charge wirelessly , just not over any significant distance . my sonicare toothbrush , along with my wii and xbox controllers are all charged without a

1 smith & wesson is going to start phasing out the internal locking mechanism on their revolver line ( started in 2009 and they are currently producing the 442 and 642	i assume that someone who knows what they are doing can remove the internal lock ? is there any downside to removing it ? i own two smiths with the
2 super easy to remove . check youtube . basically , you can just remove the lock plate . the keyhole will still be there , looking like the lock is	thank you sir .

1 jeffrey dahmer , also known as the milwaukee cannibal , accidentally consumed the sedated drink that he made for his victim , fell asleep , and was robbed of 300	from the article > approximately one week after the murder of raymond smith , on or about may 27 , dahmer lured another young man to his apartment . on
2 i'd like to know how he accidentally consumed a drink that he knew would sedate him .	dahmer was also an alcoholic , so it's likely he was drunk as hell while he was doing what he did . it doesn't surprise me at all . in

1 the blind get a 50 % discount on tv licenses in the uk	the bbc is worth every penny . compared to the other ' terrestrial ' channels in the uk ( itv , channel 5 ) it is just brilliant . then
2 bbc four is what it's all about . there's the odd programme on bbc 1 or 2 which is great but it's usually the kind of programme which should have	and bbc 3 should not be approached under any circumstances .
3 but bbc 3 has russell howards good news :)	worst part of the worst part of the bbc

1 a silent version of velcro exists , but it is a guarded military secret .	andrew largeman ?

1 weezer's second album ' pinkerton ' was voted the 3rd worst album of the year by rolling stone readers in 1996 . six years later it was voted the 16th	fickle and irrational voting just like reddit .
2 it's not fickle or irrational consumers , it's a good artist being ahead of their time .	ten or really fifteen years , maybe . not six .

1 rolling stones drummer , charlie watts , was sleeping one day , when mick jagger phoned drunk to watts ' hotel room asking where was his drummer . watts got	what do you call a person who hangs around with musicians ? a drummer .
2 what'd the drummer get on his iq test ? drool	as a drummer , these are hilarious .
3 you should try reading them as a singer , it's the shit .	don't strain yourself now ...

1 every winter at a research station in the south pole , 50 people are left totally isolated for 8 months . an annual tradition for the personnel is the back	does the station study how quickly a group of isolated people will go insane with paranoia and cabin fever , because that seems like what they're trying to do
2 haha , by watching cheesy horror movies ? if you can take pleasure in stuff like that you will go bonkers . / fan of john carpenters one .	i heard once that there was a janitor that was put into orbit aboard a satellite and was forced to watch cheesy sifi movies . he had to build robot
3 highly unlikely . how would he eat ? and breathe ? and other science facts ?	you're right . it's not possible to science in those conditions .

1 - the phrase regarding poisoned kool-aid is incorrect , as the mass-suicide was done drinking cyanide-laced cherry-flavored " flavor aid " .	nice try kool-aid pr guy ...

1 from 1995-2000 a man stole the pieces to the top winning prizes from mcdonald's monopoly and gave them to associates which claimed and shared the prizes totaling over $ 24m	of course they honoured the prize - can you imagine the headlines if mcdonald's took $ 1 million dollars away from a * children's hospital * it's the kfc boss's
2 no offense , but i don't think kfc would benefit most from this kind of publicity , of all the fast food chains you could have picked . just sayin	just wait for the franchise war , then it won't matter since we'll all be eating taco bell .

1 after reading the script to schindler's list , composer john williams said to spielberg " you need a better composer " to which spielberg replied " i know , but	john williams better get to work on star wars episodes vii-ix . it just won't be the same without his music .
2 imo john williams ' music is as much a part of star wars as anything else	which is , inadvertently , a serious of caricatures of other composers ' works .

1 the the word " jazz " originated as a slang term , derived from " jism " or " jizz " - as the music was originally performed in whorehouses	tribe called quest's " we got the jazz . " chorus line sounds so different to me . they were horndogs anyways .

1 the politically correct terms of today ( mentally challenged , delayed , special ) will likely become the negative euphemisms of tomorrow ( idiot , imbecile , retarded ) due	you are right , we shouldn't try to be polite now , because in 20 years , what will count as polite will have changed .

1 one of the only australian animals which doesn't want to kill you is the native bee - of 1,500 species , most either don't have a stinger or can't sting	see ... this is the main thing keeping me from moving to australia . or even from dreaming about it . i love so much of it though . i
2 you don't really , unless you have spider / snake issues . we have pademelons , bandicoots , and bilbies , which make up for it , imo .	bandicoots and bilbies have been eaten by foxes though :-/

1 despite receiving near-universal acclaim , the film iron giant bombed at box office , failing to make back even half of its budget	some bullshit . iron giant was one of the best animated movies of all time . also vin diesel

1 upon his second defeat to alexander the great , king darius iii of persia offered alexander 30,000 talents ( 780 tons of silver , worth around £ 500,000 , 000	the same goes for playing any civilization game - if they offer you a ton of stuff , the only reason you should accept is if you're fighting a two
2 i don't know how those games work , but couldn't you just accept the surrender , take all that stuff and put it to use , and then go ahead	not for ten turns .

1 there is a star with an estimated atmospheric temperature cooler than room temperature ( 25 ° c , 80 ° f ) .	hate to tell you mate , but 25c is above room temperature , just barely .

1 irish people were also enslaved in the americas	as a person of irish decent that is not particularly " proud " of my american history . i hate getting laughed at when i explain irish history within america
2 it's very simple , you see only white people can be racist . no one else . so once you smack them with knowledge and say white people were slaves	i agree with you . i think because white men were historically the oppressors there exists a lingering mentality in people's heads that it's quite unlikely for white men to

1 some game companies made the game harder if it was pirated rather than implementing drm	if alan wake detects it's a pirate version the character has an eye patch .
2 brb , uninstalling and torrenting	there's actually a way to get the eye patch in the actual copy .

1 female hyenas have no vaginal opening , and give birth through the clitoris , which * ruptures * as a natural part of the process .	yet another reason hyenas are some of the most bizarre animals on the planet . my loyalties lie with the lions !

1 as a child elon musk was bullied so severely he once had to be hospitalized because of a beating from other students	south africa is so rough

1 president calvin coolidge never maligned his opponents or ran attack ads in any of his political campaigns	[ coolidge was just an all around cool guy . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Calvin_Coolidge ) > although coolidge was known to be a skilled and effective public speaker , in private
2 are we going to conveniently forget that he was a member of the kkk ?	source ? according to [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Calvin_Coolidge#Civil_rights ) he was anti-kkk .

1 if someone commits suicide by train in japan , the railroad company sends a ( very expensive ) fine to the deceased's family	one last fuck you to the people who drove you to suicide .

1 in 1947 boxer sugar ray robinson backed out of his welterweight championship fight because he dreamt that he would kill his opponent , jimmy doyle . after a minister convinced	apparently that minister had money on robinson .

1 the chainsaw was originally invented to aid in the process of childbirth	... the ripper in fallout makes * so * much more sense now .

1 bill romanowski ripped off marcus williams ' helmet during a scrimmage and crushed his eye socket with a single punch , effectively ending williams ' career .	the guy is a pile of shit , but he was one hell of a linebacker .

1 in 2002 a retired marine corps general defeated an entire us naval fleet in a simulated wargame by using old methods like motorcycles and light signals .	i would not want to play against this guy in c & c generals . gla op
2 " ah ! the glow ! the beautiful glow ! can you not see it , general ? " " ak - 47 ' s ... for everybody ! !	great and relevant quotes . " how can you be winning ? this isn't how it played out in the simulation ! "

1 4 states ( vermont , alaska , hawaii , and maine ) have laws prohibiting the use of outdoor advertising with billboards .	they missed door county wisconsin ! those fools

1 stanley kubrick , when told that schindler's list was a good representation of the holocaust , replied " think that's about the holocaust ? that was about success , wasn't	11 million , stanley . non-jews are people too .
2 i just looked that up thinking that was a very high number . jesus ... til 60-80 million people died in that war . three to four goddamn australias wiped	that's a lot of australias .

1 apollo lunar rover missions had a " walkback limit " on travel distance so that astronauts would still have time to walk back to the lander if the rover broke	must have been a gm .

1 when nestlé declined an offer to watch his film about the exploitation of african children to harvest chocolate , director miki mistrati set up a large screen next to their	i hereby decline all offers to watch jurassic world . please let me know what time you will be setting up .

1 if queen elizabeth lives for exactly two more years , she will be the longest lived british monarch ever	with all the technology they put into her i dont see how she wouldnt .

1 j . d . salinger saw more combat in world war ii than almost any other american . he fought on d-day ( utah beach ) , in the battle	fight in more combat than almost any other american in wwii , you might be called a hero . drink your own pee , you'll definitely be remembered as a

1 shakuntala devi , an indian mental calculator , was asked to give the 23rd root of a 201 - digit number ; she answered in 50 seconds . her answer	real life example of a [ mentat ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mentat )
2 is it just because i have been reading dune , or are there more dune references popping up on reddit in the last few days ? first lego , god	me too , how odd ...

1 in law and order the distinctive " thunk-thunk " sound effect used in between scenes was created by combining close to a dozen sounds , including that of a group	donk donk

1 in the german version of die hard , all the terrorists are given english names .	harold gruberson .

1 to be a london black cab driver , one is expected to know over 25,000 roads and 50,000 points of interest and pass a test called " the knowledge "	learning the knowledge also makes your brain ( hippocampus ) bigger , possibly a way to prevent onset of dementia and alzheimer's .

1 the crown princess of the netherlands goes to a public school .	the crown princess of the netherlands is fucking adorable ! princess of orange ? are you kidding me , is this a fairy tale ?
2 orange is kind of our thing .	orange , fuck yeah

1 justin timberlake's mum is ryan gosling's legal guardian .	can someone please point out to me where exactly the wikipedia article says this ?

1 the oldest retail store in america , founded in 1818 , is brooks brothers . they are still open today and have a range of famous clients including stephen colbert	in canada it's hudson bay company , founded may 2 , 1670 .

1 months that begin on a sunday always have a friday the 13th in them .	did you also know , that in those same months , monday is the second day of the month ?

1 fred astaire made it explicitly clear , even after his death , that he would never be portrayed on film . knowing that his life would be “ misrepresented .	yet they still made him dance with a vacuum cleaner .

1 the church of satan doesn't even believe in the devil , but merely in embracing one's carnal self .	doesnt believe in supernatural beings .. believes in magic .

1 axl rose's original concept for the sweet child o ' mine music video was to depict a drug trafficker carrying her child into a foreign country . it would then	today's axl rose wants the video to feature a lady carrying a meatball sub to a gnr concert . it ends with her handing it to axl .

1 there have been 18 incidences of theft or loss of highly enriched uranium and plutonium confirmed by the international atomic energy agency in the last 12 years .	vanishing b - 36 ' s lost like 2 or 3 . how do you lose a plane that huge ?
2 they would fly them over extremely remote and practically unexplored parts of the arctic , and once something gets lost there it stays lost .	one went lost over the middle east . also canada .
3 most of canada is extremely remote .	they recovered the bomba and a few crew members ( alive ) and got out before the canadians arrived .

1 the dc snipers planned to kill 6 white people a day for 30 days at predetermined destinations , but plans were hindered by traffic .	another peacefull muslim delivering mohammeds message of peace ! oh wait ..

1 the designer of the current us flag was 17 at the time , and created it for a high school project . he received a b - .	looking at the previous versions , he didn't really have to put much thought into it
2 agreed . this gets thrown around a lot and is very misleading . he didn't design a new flag , he simply fit the stars in the new pattern .	i would have liked more symmetry .
3 this . i'm not sure if you meant it , but it actually really bugs me .	3d would be cool ... more like a kite , i'd want . yes . no .

1 after the release of ' top gun ' , the us navy stated the number of young men who joined wanting to be naval aviators went up by 500 percent	yeah , i'll just leave this here . http://www.smugmug.com/photos/i-G4DSDqX/0/L/i-G4DSDqX-L.gif

1 using an approximation of pi to 39 decimals is accurate enough to calculate the circumference of the universe to within one atom .	3.1415926535898932384626433832795028841971693993751058209749445923 ... etc . from memory . just another 698 digits to go before i get to the feynman point .

1 because a large number of black males are unable to shave without severe irritation , domino's was found in violation of the 1991 civil rights act by requiring all their	[ why don't all black people just shave with their fingernails ? ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=viL2t4LK8w8 ) [ as a white guy i can only use my laser vision when i

1 north korea has the 4th largest army , the largest special forces and the largest submarine fleet in the world .	saying that nk has the " largest submarine fleet in the world " is slightly misleading . they've purchased a number of outdated subs and use midget subs . it
2 no one thinks nk can win a war anymore . what they can do is cause millions of people to die before they lose .	very true . i have a friend who now lives in south korea and is taking a " vacation " in thailand for the next 3 weeks and may end

1 nintendo sent shipments of the snes at night to avoid theft by the yazuka .	yazuka joe

1 artificial photosynthesis may one day be incorporated into all building materials .	photosynthetic carpet padding is dumb .

1 the guiness world of records holds the world record for being the best-selling copyrighted book of all time and is one of the most stolen books in libraries	yo dawg

1 originally all humans were lactose intolerant , and those who aren't lactose intolerant are the ones with a mutation .	its all relative . where i'm from its abnormal for someone to be allergic to lactose as everyone is basically raised on dairy and continues consuming dairy products well into

1 michael shanks , ( the actor who played daniel jackson in stargate sg - 1 ) fathered children with two of the show's actresses , including his on-screen wife .	looking at pictures of the two , he certainly has a type ...
2 you mean attractive and near his vicinity ?	you better write a check on your internet arguments won board .

1 china returns all illegal immigrants from north korea which usually imprisons them in a short term facility . women who are suspected of being impregnated by chinese fathers are subjected	what is exposure ?
2 according to wikipedia , exposure in this sense would be simply leaving the infant to die - - for example , of hypothermia , hunger , thirst etc .	they basically just throw the child outside and leave them to die .
3 i'm waiting for one child to be raised by animals and rebel against the government . i can hope .	this should be a movie .

1 washington state is the only state in the united states where assisted suicide , same-sex marriage , and cannabis use are all legal .	you didn't know that ?

1 in the 1600 ' s london was plagued by an attacker who would grab unaccompanied women , lift their dress , smack their bare bottoms and yell " spanko !	" male vigilantes would dress in women's clothing and patrol the areas he was known to operate . " vigilantism and fetishism at the same time .
2 > he would appear , carry out his attacks and vanish with such speed that some people attributed him with supernatural powers . he spanks like no mortal man ...	how has megadeth not written a song about him ? edited my spelling .

1 tommy pickles ' mother was russian-jewish american . this means that tommy pickles and dil pickles were kosher pickles .	[ never forget . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cB2QI2mCyfU&list=FLEiL8RiPERGrJyS7uM1crQw&index=1 )

1 a man filmed himself mailing bjork a letter-bomb and then ended the video by committing suicide .	ive seen the last part where he shoots himself . it's pretty brutal .
2 brutal indeed , but i have no pity for him .	fair enough , but the guy was obviously sick .

1 there is a disease irl that can cause your nails to grow long , your teeth to sharpen like fangs and your skin to turn pale and easily bruise and	sounds like gollum .

1 there is a device that can permanently replace the function of your heart . side effect - you have no pulse .	horrifying thought . let's say your brain ceases functioning , possibly from oxygen starvation after your lungs stop working . approximately how long after death would your blood continue to
2 you blood coagulated in air , it would take a long time inside the body .	not to mention that if the device is doing what a heart does , unless you are on assisted breathing your brain should suffer no damage from oxygen starvation

1 the häagen-dazs ice cream creator was american and made up the brand name to sound danish , unique , and sophisticated . it doesn't mean anything .	holger gitte vibeke jarne bole ! :P

1 london and new york are the worlds only alpha + + cities , meaning they exert a massive influence across the world both culturally and economically that is felt everywhere	alpha as fuck .

1 the first stage of saturn v was fueled by kerosene , produced 215 million horsepower , and got 5 inches to the gallon	5 inches per gallon is pretty good when you think about it .

1 there is a mushroom that is safe to eat but can kill you if you drink alcohol afterwards .	well then , that mushroom is * not * safe to eat now , is it ?

1 a gargoyle can only be called that name if it has a spout and was created to divert water away from the building . non-functioning , ornamental ones should be	so my favorite cartoon growing up was a lie . thanx op for ruining my childhood memories .
2 i can ruin your adulthood memories by telling you probably most champagne people drink is not actually champagne .	yeah i already knew that from watching wayne's world . edit : - 2
3 wayne's world . the second one was that god awful concert thing .	ah shit , you're right .

1 courage the cowardly dog was nominated for an oscar	was the category ' best nightmare fuel ' ?

1 lawns have been a sign of great wealth since the middle ages . neighbors assumed you were wealthy if you had cultivated land , but didn't have to grow food	i do believe that if i has access to a time machine , i would go back and find the first person who thought it would be a good idea

1 milla jovovich and luc besson developed the ' divine language ' for the movie the fifth element . both of them were fluent in it by the time the film	[ multipass ] ( http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Jv5QMgBJgbo&desktop_uri=%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DJv5QMgBJgbo )

1 band-aids emit a blue flash of light when pulled apart - visible to the human eye when you do it in the dark !	the linked page doesn't mention this anywhere on it . just saying .

1 carl sagan was not an atheist stating " an atheist is someone who is certain that god does not exist , someone who has compelling evidence against the existence of	most people who claim to be atheists are actually agnostic atheists .
2 i just go by agnostic .	you're still an atheist , and you don't answer the proper question by answering just atheist .
3 you can be an agnostic theist ...	correct .

1 president garfield's assassin purchased the gun he thought would look the best in a museum .	you guys over on the other side of the pond really had a president named after a cat ? eh eh

1 if queen elizabeth lives for exactly two more years , she will be the longest lived british monarch ever	damn ! her mother lived to be over a 100 .

1 samuel l . jackson's performance as a crackhead in 1991 ' s jungle fever was so acclaimed that the " supporting actor " award was created just for him at	" dance for daddy like gator " https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AqjxjMcLK9U

1 dasani was launched in the uk on 10 february 2004 with the slogan " bottled spunk " . it was a disaster since " spunk " is a slogan for	semen . also , i'm sure it was more diasterous when it was discovered / publicised that it was just bottled tap water .

1 when the apollo 11 astronauts returned from first walking on the moon , in accordance with the recently passed extra-terrestrial exposure law , the astronauts were placed in quarantine for	they also quarantined them as a way of detoxing them . kinda like the way we do deep divers to prevent the bends . their envirnoment and lesser affects of

1 strom thurmond who staunchly opposed the 1964 civil rights act to end segregation was the father of a secret , illegitimate mixed race child with his 16 year-old black maid	dirty , rotten , racist piece of shit lives 100 years comfortably and dies in his sleep , at home in his own bed . the world is so depressing
2 not everyone against the cra was racist	then why would they oppose ending segregation and discrimination based on race , gender , religion ?

1 a fortune cookie company once got the lottery numbers right , resulting in 110 winners and an investigation	i just played the michigan powerball and used fortune cookie numbers ... i would've won 10,000 if i didn't change one number , played 35 instead of 34 . instead

1 april 16 , 2016 will be the 500 year anniversary of bavaria adopting the reinheitsgebot . it is a law that said that the only ingredients that could be used	the thing no one ever mentions about the reinheitsgebot is that it was not made to protect beer purity , but rather to save precious wheat and rye for bread
2 barley is far superior to wheat and rye in fermentation because it has more natural enzymes to break down its carbohydrates into sugars . but it's true that the addition	wheat malt contains more enzymes than barley malt . i'm looking at briess two row vs red and white wheat malt now . wheat is at or above 6 row

1 there is a satellite orbiting earth that is predicted to re-enter the atmosphere in 8.4 million years , carrying a message addressed to the beings / humans and civilizations of	event log : june 10 . year 17al -8.1 we tracked some refuse as it fell into the ocean today . no civilians were harmed . end entry .
2 glad to see we're still using the same months .	heh , well if it ain't broke , don't fix it . i did imagine , though , that no one wanted to write out june 10 , 8400201 5
3 it is broken . * sept - means 7 , but it's the 9th month . * oct - means 8 , but it's the 10th month . * nov	it was because there were originally 10 months . the first month was march .

1 castration prevents male pattern baldness if it is done before hair is lost	that's not the only thing it prevents .

1 a tsa officer once let the ceo of sega through saying : “ i don't need to see your passport . you're the asshole that gave away shenmue to xbox	if you want to blame somebody for the failure of sega , blame bernie stolar . sony was smart to get rid of that guy . had he stayed with
2 what was his reason for no rpgs ?	he hated money and profit .

1 australian serial killer ivan milat lost 25kg from a failed hunger strike in prison when he was denied a playstation	25kg = 55 pounds . i'd hardly say he failed his hunger strike they just didn't give in to the demands .

1 shakira was banned from her school choir because her music teacher didn ’ t think she could sing and ' sounded like a goat '	he wasn't wrong .

1 lance armstrong owns a coffee shop called juan pelota cafe . juan is a homophone for " one " and " pelota " is spanish for ball .	i'm sorry , but juan is not a homophone for one . the name juan does * not * have some funky silent ' j ' , people just mistakenly

1 the labrador dog is from newfoundland and the newfoundland dog is from labrador .	they're called that because they were bread by fisherman at the bay of labrador in newfoundland . newfoundlands were bread for retrieving nets and rescuing people . labradors were breed
2 mmm , bread dogs .	damn it ! haha

1 during evacuations emergency managers tell people to write their ssn on their arms and torsos if the decide not to leave to be able to identify their bodies .	couldn't you just write your name all over yourself ?

1 nauru , which recently had one of the top gdps per capita worldwide , is now one of the poorest , with a 90 % unemployment rate . they were	apparently nauru house ( a building in melbourne , built by nauru as an investment during the good good times ) has more floor space than the country of nauru

1 mullets are banned in iran	the " hijab and chastity festival " sounds like a real bucket of rainbows .

1 there is enough water in lake superior to cover the entire land mass of north and south america with roughly one foot of water	as a follow up fact for you guys .. lake baikal in russia has a smaller surface area than lake superior , but holds more water than all five great
2 are you fucking kidding me ? that doesn't seem right . these informations . they're blowing my god damn brain right now . o___o	http://xkcd.com/1040/ this xkcd shows the relative depth / elevation of the great lakes , along with baikal . ( upper left corner ) baikal is deeper than all five great
3 so after googling around , there have been manned journeys to the bottom of challengers deep . which blew my mind because i didn't know we had the technology to	it's cost prohibitive if i'm not mistaken .

1 in 1997 the hill reported that congresswoman sheila jackson lee asked nasa officials whether the mars pathfinder photographed the u . s . flag that neil armstrong had planted on	what a fucking idiot .

1 whenever al-qaeda organised games of volleyball , mohammed atef and osama bin laden were forced to be on separate teams since they were both tall , and skilled players .	their nickname was " the two towers " .

1 keira knightley played the role of sabé , the handmaiden of queen amidala ( natalie portman ) in star wars : episode 1 . the two girls looked so alike	couple quick shots for comparison : * http://38.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lxnm3l8cmH1r6v7v8o1_500.gif * http://40.media.tumblr.com/679ce144a575eccc85aa3d9db267d55c/tumblr_nipm80CzL41toypw2o1_500.png so now look at this one : http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_jNxyEsnWEgk/Swca6FjqHnI/AAAAAAAAACs/MkEeVAdYEvg/s1600/queen-amidala-754048.jpg i can't really tell who that is but i'm * guessing *
2 i still don't see it they look really different to me . even the way they sounds is just way different . i can see the similarities but not enough	i'm the opposite ; i thought they were using cgi or some shit when i first saw it . it still confuddles me a little .

1 in world war ii , american soldier john r . fox died when he deliberately called an artillery strike on himself . realizing that german troops were overrunning his party's	why isn't the top comment about how striking the resemblance is between this guy and jamie fox ?

1 katie holmes chose to do mad money w / queen latifah instead of reprising her role as rachel in the dark knight .	reminds me of lindsay lohan turning down heather graham's role in " the hangover " .
2 but that was a good thing .	but then we would have gotten to see her boob in that one scene .
3 [ done and done . ] ( http://philly.barstoolsports.com/around-barstool/the-lindsay-lohan-playboy-pictures-are-here-nsfw/ )	i want pics of pre meth addiction please .

1 3 jewish prisoners escaped auschwitz in a stolen car while dressed as s . s guards	surely there's a what is love / rocking out in the car gif of this ? we're on the internets right ?

1 director kevin smith named his daughter " harley quinn "	harley q . smith ? i've heard weirder . harley smith actually sounds like a cute name on its own .

1 there have been nine different studies on dare ( drug abuse resistance education ) and all agree that the program does nothing or worsens the problem	nonsense . it brought us the hilarious bumper sticker ( that i actually saw once ): " i support the dare program ! ( it keeps the little shits out

1 there's a school that allows students to do whatever they want . no curriculum . no tests or hw . no classes unless requested . 82 % of these students	acceptance rates would be much lower if high schools didn't have a system where homework ended up being worth more points than tests and quizzes . high school is a

1 robin van persie passes patrick kluivert as all time top scorer for the netherlands .	best game i've seen in a while !

1 ryan gigg's wiki page has no information about his extramarital affair within family while john terry's wiki is littered with every controversy he has been involved in . someone who	for some reason it's easier to forget about giggs . terry douchiness is easier to spot i guess .

1 the chinese government encouraged two basketball players ( a 7ft man and 6 ' 3 " woman ) to marry and produce a child who would become a dominant athlete	that child ? albert einstein

1 for those that aren't aware , the bears-packers rivalry record is at 93-91- 6 . packers have a chance to tie it this year , starting with tomorrow's game .	i feel like this is posted every other week ...
2 just wait if the packers beat the bears on sunday .	or if the bears win we'll be seeing the " packers have to wait until the next year until they can try and tie the all time bears-packers rivalry ,
3 > or if the bears win i wasnt aware i was in / r / funny	any given sunday bruh !

1 wal-mart was founded with the intention of selling american-made products at foreign made prices .	walmart has started focusing more on american made products as you can see in this [ article . ] ( https://www.candlemart.com/hot-news/made-america-walmart-economy-cnbc-news-hannas-candles-burt-hanna )

1 the mlk monument in dc was built by chinese workers , made out of chinese granite mined by chinese slaves , and carved by a chinese sculptor using a chinese	it is an oxymoronic item .

1 matthew broderick killed a woman and her daughter in a car crash in 1987 while in ireland . he plead guilty in absentia and was fined $ 175 .	sometimes actual accidents happen , mistakes are made , people are forgiven , they learn and move on .
2 and how do you know all of those apply here ? his claim of not remembering anything is pretty darn convenient , and if it's a ruse then it's indicative	its also not unheard of given head injuries in a car accident can cause that sort of thing .

1 in 2005 , the hometown of nirvana lead man kurt cobain , aberdeen , washington , put up a " welcome to aberdeen : come as you are " sign	group of us from richmond , bc drove there few years back and in honor of kurt all we played was nirvana just as we passed the sign

1 hitler loved clark gable's acting so much , he offered a reward to whoever could capture him alive and unscathed .	sounds pretty gay to me . ... not that there's anything wrong with that

1 around 1,000 homeless people live in flood tunnels under las vegas	tunnel snakes rule !

1 at one point the pittsburgh penguins owed mario lemieux so much money that he used the debt as equity to purchase the team	not only that , but he practically single-handedly saved the franchise from moving to kansas city and got them a new arena in pittsburgh . he is a savior in
2 well , him and the 2 top overall picks , 2 second overall picks , and a 5th overall pick . including the top overall pick gifted to the pens	oh yeah , ' gifted ' .

1 ; while europeans were abducting people from africa and were forcing them into slavery , barbary pirates were abducting europeans ( up to a million ) and forcing them into	i love these shitlording posts by racists who obviously never read robinson crusoe in high school .

1 post-punk pioneers fugazi kept their ticket prices around $ 5 . their tours were profitable due to low overhead and the willingness to play in non-traditional venues .	" hey guys , i was doing the math , and $ 1 more per person , times 100 shows a year equals i dont have to have a roomate
2 ian mackaye is worth like $ 14 million dollars . henry rollins isn't even worth 1/2 that i believe .	ian mackaye is also less awkward as a human .

1 the beastie boys coined the term " mullet " to refer to a hairstyle in 1994 in their song " mullet head " . no earlier use of the term	in denmark it's called " swedish hair " . in sweden it's called " hockey hair " .
2 it was also hockey hair in western canada	all of canada !
3 never forget , a quarter of canada is french speaking . we call it coupe longueuil in quebec , after the montreal suburb , where legends say most mullets could	i didn't know about the term " coupe longueuil " , but i've spent enough time in longueuil to get the joke . :)

1 neil gaiman wanted to make a movie of " anansi boys " , but the moviemakers wanted to change the black characters to white and remove any magic ( in	there was a black guy ? ! what ?
2 did you read the book ? the majority of the cast is black or mixed race . there was a particular sentence describing rosie's bare behind that was so poetic	... can you post it ?
3 i don't think i have it , but it was basically " perky brown buttocks staring me in the face jiggling from side to side " . i might be	pretty sure that was rosie's mum .

1 this july we will get to see the first ever detailed images of pluto .	just another few hundred million kilometers to go !

1 the only senator to vote against the us entering the second world war , after the pearl harbor attack , defended her position by saying " as a woman ,	she also voted against the us entering wwi .

1 during wwi , albert i , the king of belgium , fought alongside his troops while his wife , queen elisabeth , worked as a nurse at the front .	did you know that prince harry went to afghanistan to " fight alongside his troops " .

1 splenda's sweet taste was discovered when a scientist who was told " test this chemical " misheard it as " taste this chemical " .	" no problem , i'll taste this chemical " said no scientist ever .
2 oh , i don't know . i imagine some postgrad students would do anything to get a permanent job ... edit : as it turns out , shashikant phadnis ,	can confirm . graduated last may and i'd do anything for a decent paying full time job . ( ͡ ° ͜ ʖ ͡ ° ) anything .

1 wilt chamberlain played his epic 100 point game on no sleep and on a hangover .	let's not forget this noteworthy performance from chamberlain . http://img.tvmovie.de/imageTransfer/F1_182230.jpg

1 adolf hitler had a jewish doctor that didn't charge the hitler family money during their finical hardship . during the holocaust , hitler labelled the doctor , eduard bloch ,	this should be on [ this ] ( http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/BecauseYouWereNiceToMe ) tvtropes page

1 the current flag of the usa was designed by a 17 year old for a school project . he received a b -	tomato , tomatoe , i am smoking green leafs that should be considered vegetables .

1 the onion printed a mock-commentary by gillette's president after wilkinson / schick introduced their quattro razor in 2004 , three years before the fusion was introduced , entitled " fuck	i use a single bladed safety razor . does a really nice shave and i rarely cut myself . blades are also $ 0.10 each and i use them for

1 the grey affected roger ebert so much , he walked out of his next scheduled screening . " it was the first time i've ever walked out of a film	makes me wonder . what would be the film equivalent of a palate-cleansing glass of water ? edit : stop spamming my inbox with mall cop you fucks
2 the big lebowski .	fuckin ' a , man .

1 amanda peet volunteers for a pro vaccination group .	does this mean she sneaks into children's homes and vaccinates them ?

1 hip-hop mastermind immortal technique established an orphanage in afghanistan in 2008 funded by the profits from his album " the 3rd world "	really one of my favorite lyricist . not just in the hip-hop genre , but overall . i encourage you guys to listen to his music , its pretty damn
2 if you like lyricists , then check out macklemore who's up and coming out of seattle . take a listen to his song [ otherside ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nWhx-CtPmBU )	interesting song . sounds like some deep puddle dynamics / rhymesayers / sage francis type stuff . similar theme - check out [ hasan salaam's 15 minutes ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KyXnsxgca68

1 bob marley died from a cancer that had a 90 % survival rate , because his religious beliefs would not allow him to have traditional medical treatment ( surgery )	i wonder if they teach that at naturopath school ?

1 poet stanislaw jerzy lec survived a german concentration camp by killing his guard with a shovel that was given to him to dig his own grave - and then escaping	bad fucking ass .

1 rolling stone gave many artists bad reviews , then changed to good reviews after they became famous . examples include the beatles , led zeppelin , black sabbath , ac	woooh outkast

1 super conservative pat robertson is actually in support for the decriminalization of marijuana and vice president joe biden is for keeping it illegal claiming it as a " gateway drug	i think it's more about politics than actual personal views when it comes to politicians .

1 the 5th amendment protects someone from revealing the source of their illegal income , but not the amount .	i'm pretty sure this is so that they are more likely to collect taxes
2 correct , the irs will be all over that shit . you also get taxed at gross income if it is illegal . there are no legal deductions for illegal	if you're gonna get taxed for gross income , then you better have a * gross * income .

1 the fastest growing religion in north america and europe is not islam , but buddhism	http://usatoday30.usatoday.com/news/religion/story/2012-05-02/religion-census-mromon/54701198/1 this article would tell you that the fastest growing religion in the u . s . is mormonism . second is islam .

1 after the capture of a serial killer of children , a police officer found his own daughter tied and gagged in the back of the killer's van .	why does uncle earl gotta go and do stuff like that ? ?

1 hitler was a vegetarian and animal rights activist .	lets get peta in on this , i can't wait to see how they use to create negative publicity

1 there were 6 assassins sent to kill archduke franz ferdinand and 1 of them threw a bomb that exploded under the wrong car . his assassination failed , he took	it's funny because the one who threw the bomb forgot that there was a 10 second delay . it literally bounced off the archduke franz ferdinand's car .

1 some hollow earth theorists have claimed a number of different locations for the entrances which lead inside the earth , including montreal	[ here's the cover of the book that cites montreal . ] ( http://imgur.com/RPUPofb )

1 it's possible to fool norwegian vending machines by using a 10 syp coin which is 18 times less the value of ' the identical ' 20 nok coin	back in the day , at adventure landing , instead of using the quarter tokens on the machines , you could just use nickels , since they were the same

1 all 50 us states produce wine	cheers !

1 the last airbender received 5 awards : worst picture , worst director , worst screenplay , worst supporting actor , and a special award , " worst eye-gouging mis-use of	if this movie and battlefield earth came out in the same year , matter itself would collapse .
2 ... i liked battlefield earth .	after they explained that one explosion will cause the entire planet to explode , a planet of a warfaring race that has never had one explosion on it , i

1 george rr martin's a storm of swords lost the 2001 hugo award for best novel to harry potter and the goblet of fire . his response ? " eat your	georrge rr martin was runner up 13 years ago for an award and made a snappy remark when he lost .
2 more specifically , he made a childish and petty remark when he lost to a more popular writer .	but that's okay , dae game of thrones ? ! ! 1

1 after christopher reeve's injury , robin williams burst into his room in the icu in full scrubs and claimed he was a proctologist and that he was going to perform	i would let robin williams fist my ass ..
2 wrong subreddit .	> * * til * * i would let robin williams fist my ass .. better ?
3 i'll allow it .	i would let robin williams fist [ m ] y ass .

1 : humans have not evolved enough to be fully bipedal	what is enough in evolution ? evolution has no end goals .

1 of the wereth 11 , a group of eleven black soldiers separated from their battalion during the first few days of the battle of the bulge . even though the	hmmm i would've expected germans during wwii to be more understanding of other races and ethnicities .
2 it wasn't really racism . you should've seen what they did to soviet pows . the germans have been brutal to the people they capture since the boer wars .	it was . they were americans and american pow's overall were generally better treated than the russians , and indeed were treated better than they were by the japanese .

1 alan tudyk ( aka wash from firefly ) , along with adam baldwin and nathan fillion voiced marines in halo 3 . these marines had personalities based on the three	i miss firefly !

1 rock pioneer of the 1950/60 ' s , chuck berry , still performs live today , at the age of 85	i saw him perform a few years ago in iowa city . first off - rooney opened for him , which was weird and off . then he forgot what

1 george rr martin's a storm of swords lost the 2001 hugo award for best novel to harry potter and the goblet of fire . his response ? " eat your	i love got , but that is really rude . he's a dick . she wrote children's books for fucks sake . of course her readers are different .

1 there were still mammoths alive on earth as late as 2000 bc . the same time as the pyramids were being built .	[ what if ... ] ( http://imgur.com/pfJ3CqR )
2 what if the pyramids were made for the last remaining mammoths : o	what if the pyramids were made out of the last remaining mammoths . gross .

1 : even with the bare minimum of driver training on its use , the british roundabout has been proven to be at least 20 % more efficient at moving traffic	i live in a california city that has embraced roundabouts , and traffic has never been more efficient . it vastly cuts down on wait time at an intersection .
2 unfamiliarity with use . in galway ( ireland - where roundabouts are the norm ) . they removed most roundabouts due to the number of collisions on them ( was	i knew galwegians were stupid . now it's confirmed .
3 i was about to bollock you for getting ireland and scotland mixed up . then i reread your comment and all i'm left with if impotent , misplaced rage .	also , i'd never mix up glaswegians and galwegians . that'd be insulting to both groups haha ^ ^ ^ / s

1 the shroud of turin has nothing to do with jesus - it's been comprehensively radiocarbon dated to the medieval period .	a couple of amature science sluths showed that the part of the shroud that was tested was one of the mended weaved in parts and therefore does not represent the

1 christopher nolan's interstellar is the only film in the top 10 worldwide box office of 2014 to be wholly original--not a reboot , remake , sequel , or part of	christopher nolan is the franchise ...

1 the inventor of the floppy disk , yoshiro nakamatsu , would nearly drown himself to death in order to come up with ideas , believing the lack of oxygen would	should've just taken some nos . similar effect , much less risk of dying .

1 the president of the university of oregon missed out on having " the graduate " filmed at the school in 1967 . not wanting to make the same mistake again	my dad was a 16 year old freshman at the fraternity this was filmed in . he grew up real fast .

1 japan's power grid is divided into two incompatible parts ( 50 vs . 60 hz ) . this started in the 1890s , when tokyo bought german generators while osaka	the grids themselves are incompatible , but just about any electronic device that works on one will work on the other just fine .

1 the time machine in ' back to the future ' was originally a refridgerator , but was changed since they were concerned kids would lock themselves inside	after indiana jones 4 i'm worried children might think fridges will protect them from a nuclear explosion
2 i'm worried that indy went into the fridge to travel back to where he wasn't in a nuclear testing site .	technically , it sent him into the future away from the site , so … it worked ?

1 hershey's chocolate is flavored with sour-tasting butyric acid , which also gives vomit its aroma . this is why people unaccustomed to american chocolate sometimes compare it to vomit .	butyric acid is also what gives dropped ginkgo seeds their distinct aroma .

1 duracell and energizer are owned by gillette and schick , who started making disposable batteries as a sideline for their power shaver businesses .	oh but wait i read this last week here and decided to repost it again without actually checking any of the facts . til bull 3tm0nk3y cant read

1 bobby farrell , male singer of 70 ' s disco group " boney m " , known for their hit single " rasputin " , died while on tour on	being a black guy , he may have had more in common with rasputin than we first realized .

1 in 1958 a cessna was flown continually for over two months , refueled via truck matching its speed on a desert highway	what i find most amazing is that this happened in 1958 , on a plane that had only been in production for a couple of years ! ! ! and
2 no one is crazy enough , nor do they have the required sums of money . also , the faa would probably step in and try and stop it .	$ 22k in fuel isn't a lot . red bull would probably sponsor something like this
3 that was an incorrect estimate . that guy recalculated and got 42 grand ; additionally a cessna employee spoke of a month long test on a similar plane that used	that's still nothing if it was hyped right for advertising

1 after receiving complaints about the size of their sandwiches , subway responded " ' subway footlong ' is a registered trademark as a descriptive name for the sub sold ...	uh , i distinctly recall there being a commercial indicating that the sandwich was , in fact , 1 foot long . here it is : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MJF3mknSTlo

1 a civilian employee destroyed a half billion dollar submarine just to " get out of work early . "	the $ 400 million dollar fine is gonna suck . i hope he can fall back on his experience working on nuclear sub's when he gets out .

1 the nfl is tax exempt	is it because they're an npo ?

1 the whites of human eyes evolved as a means of non-verbal communication and that dogs also rely the human sclera to pick up visual cues	my sclera is light blue .

1 there were still mammoths alive on earth as late as 2000 bc . the same time as the pyramids were being built .	so mammoths are not pre-historic beasts after all . they were alive at historic times .

1 in 1809 , a woman diagnosed with an ovarian tumor rode horseback 60 miles to try to have the tumor removed , an operation that had never been performed ,	dr . mcdowell is a great uncle ( several times removed ) of my wife's . the museum in danville , kentucky is at his former house and is really
2 also related . we're family !	awesome ! i'll check with my wife for some particulars . i do know that it's through her grandmother on her mother's side . her last name ( maiden )

1 it was christopher lee's lifelong dream to play gandalf . he auditioned for the role but was given the part of saruman instead , because they thought he was too	there is nobody on this planet who could've done that hitleresque uruk hai rallying speech better than him . * * to waaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr ! ! ! * *
2 what about hitler ?	christopher lee is a better hitler than hitler . random trivia : christopher lee killed a nazi with his bare hands during wwii .
3 i you watch the dvd commentary or one of the documentaries , i don't remember which , lee tells about how when they filmed the scene where he gets stabbed	its the appendices on the extended versions .

1 google has created and tested driverless cars on the streets of california , and over the course of 300,000 miles , they've only been in two accidents : one while	" oh for fuck sakes , i just rear-ended google . "
2 i wonder if the google cars could double as mobile wifi hotspots . you could drive along side it , engage cruise control and other people in the cabin could	i'm installing a tablet in my car , and need a source to get music from say , pandora . that'd be nice to have , so i don't have

1 the show reno 911 was mainly improv and had very little scripting .	the scene where they arrest the d & d guy is amazing .
2 d & d guy is played by [ patton oswalt ] ( http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0652663/ ) , who is amazing in a lot of things .	in his standup he's got the most creative and elaborate descriptions i've ever heard . it's hilarious .

1 there is no definitive answer on why a circle has 360 degrees .	i'd always thought this was because the babylonians developed early geometry and they used a base 60 number system . 60 * 60 = 360 . [ source ] (

1 nikola tesla never slept for more than 2 hours , remained abstinent , and had extreme ocd	issac newton died a virgin as well .
2 i know sluts will hate me for saying this , but i have a strong feeling that promiscuity is linked to intelligence , i . e . the more sexual	it's about prioritizing .

1 don king has killed two men . he shot one in the back who had robbed his illegal gambling house and later stomped an employee to death over $ 600	jesse jackson is a piece of shit
2 so are al sharpton and don king .	don king even screamed " kill whites " at the beginning of a match .

1 of shibboleths , a word , sound , or custom that a person unfamiliar with its significance may not pronounce or perform correctly . during wwii , u . s	my favorite shibboleth is ' zed ' in canada , because learning the alphabet canadians all sing ' zee ' but then when they get a bit older and learn
2 so ... why do canadians say zed ?	the same reason everyone who isn't america says zed .

1 in the 1600 ' s london was plagued by an attacker who would grab unaccompanied women , lift their dress , smack their bare bottoms and yell " spanko !	man , british superheroes suck .

1 some australians use the term " no wucking furries " as a spoonerism of " no fucking worries " .	no wuckers , mate

1 0.5 % to 0.7 % of all words spoken are swear words	the person or university that did this study hasn't net my uncle bob . he is the only person that can describe a beautiful sunset with 47 swear words .
2 > 47 swear words is that 47 * different * swear words ?	he's bilingual .

1 reese's pieces aren't made with peanut butter . instead it's a fudge like filling flavored like peanuts .	i'm not even mad . have you seen those 100 % peanut peanut butter jars at say a local grocery store ? you have to mix that stuff , like

1 matt damon and ben affleck inserted an oral sex scene between the two professors in good will hunting to see which studio executives actually read the script . harvey weinstein	as seen on graham norton : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=54jFc3DJAIk weinstein was a guest and told the story there

1 stanley kubrick , with four films in afi's top 100 , only won a single oscar ... for best special effects .	a prophet is not without honor save in his own country .
2 there's a french movie called a prophet that won best foreign film . worth watching . / slightlyunrelated	it didn't win .

1 in just 2 years , australia killed over 500 million invasive rabbits by unleashing upon them a deadly pathogen call the ' myxoma virus ' . this virus , which	imagine what aliens could do if they came to earth .

1 a chemistry grad student accidentally synthesized the chemical mptp and gave himself parkinsonian syndrome while trying to make opioids - accidentally advancing parkinson's research at his own expense	> kidston's parkinsonism was successfully treated with levodopa but he died 18 months later from a cocaine overdose . well this story just gets happier and happier , doesn't it
2 reasons why he became a chemistry student : [ ] altruistic reasons [ x ] i'm going to get * soooo * stoned [ ] chemistry is fun	oh yes , i had those friends in college .
3 my friend was a chem-eng and lived with other chem-eng students . they synthesized mdma and lsd analogs on a pretty regular basis	we had a poster showing how to make meth on our floor and another showing the chemical structure of mdma , till our labs exploded and gutted the engineering building

1 all germans who are officially registered as catholics , protestants or jews pay a religious tax of 8-9 % on their annual income tax bill	woaw that's massive !

1 war elephant drivers had a chisel and a hammer in order to cut the spinal cord of an elephant on the battlefield if it caused too mutch damage in its	[ one of them ] ( http://0.tqn.com/d/gouk/1/0/E/b/-/-/compositeelephant.jpg )

1 cleveland , ohio has set it's river on fire ... thirteen times .	the mistake by the lake ... love that nickname .

1 mountain dew was created to be used as a mixer for whiskey and the name was slang for moonshine !	don't mix current mountain dew with whiskey , that shit is terrible . i tried it after i saw this on til last time .
2 fun fact : a soda ( sun drop ) made in my hometown is used to be mixed with jack daniels and it's fucking delicious together !	cherwine make a mighty fine chaser as well ;)

1 after being caught by casino bigwigs and prosecuted in court the hyland card-counting team were acquitted of cheating after the judge found card-counting " was not cheating but merely the	poker is the only fair casino game because you're not playing against the house , you're playing against the other players .
2 at least with blackjack , you only have one player to beat . also , poker isn't exactly fair either . people with more chips can easily bully people into	poker is perfectly fair , nearly by definition ( except for the small cut the casino takes for providing you with the table / dealer - i consider this different

1 mark wahlberg had committed 20-25 offenses by the age of 21 . these included throwing rocks at a bus full of black schoolchildren and knocking a vietnamese man unconscious and	if i was left permanently blind in one eye i'd be so pissed off if i found out the little shit only spent 45 days in prison as punishment .
2 it's not his decision how much time he serves .	i would still be pissed if he didn't apologize because he can sleep easy .

1 the huns had no writing system , and thus all records of them were written by their enemies - - who universally describe them as nearly monstrous in appearance ,	doesn't that reduce the credibility of the accounts , as we only have one hugely emotionally biased version ?
2 mulan ?	well , no actually . mulan probably wouldn ’ t have fought the huns . the earliest setting of the stories of mulan is [ 386 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mulan )
3 mulan fought the xiongnu , who are widely considered the predecessors of the hun . the disney movie probably just went with ' huns ' since it's more catchy than	iirc in the chinese version they correct this historical inaccuracy as it would likely not go unnoticed .

1 volkswagen owns audi , bentley , bugatti , lamborghini , porsche , and ducati	my dad used to ( jokingly ) say that , porsches were nothing but volkswagens with ball bearings .

1 meg whitman , ex-ceo of ebay and current ceo and president of hewlett-packard spent over $ 140 million of her own personal funds on her campaign to be california governor	what a great way to put money back into the economy .

1 bruce lee could snatch a dime off a person's open palm before they could close it , and leave a penny behind	hmmm i don't buy it ( pardon the pun ) any video proof ?
2 don't need it--it's an easy trick that anyone can do . i'm sure google will explain .	step 1 : punch the volunteer in the neck . step 2 : make the exchange . step 3 : when the volunteer opens his eyes in a hospital bed
3 ? ? ? and profit are missing ...	the profit is nine cents .

1 despite being the highest rated film on imdb , the shawshank redemption only grossed about $ 3 million more than its budget	i bet the vhs / dvd / blu-ray sales significantly added to the amount of money this film made , lord know they got my money .

1 at the 1950 world cup , england news reports thought eua 1-0 england was a typo , so they published the result as england 10-1 eua .	eua ? ?
2 its the portugese / spanish / french version of usa	estados unidos de america ( eeuu ) is in spanish . portuguese abbreviate it as eua ( brazil uses portuguese ) and in french it is estats-unis .

1 " danger zone " was originally going to be sung by the band ' toto ' , but arguments with the band's lawyers prevented this . bryan adams and reo	and thank god for that . he totally crushed it .
2 it probably would have been good if performed by other artists with giorgio moroder composing and producing it .	i had no idea moroder had anything to do with the song ...

1 michael jordan said the greatest part of playing for the us olympic team was " learning the weaknesses " of his teammates for when they returned to the nba .	this is why basketball shouldn't be an olympic sport . not jordan in particular , but if your sport is popular / rich enough that the olympics isn't the zenith
2 or you know , go back to the original rules of " amateur sports " .	the top level athletes in other olympic sports are hardly " amateurs " . to be good enough to be an olympian you basically have to train , and if

1 james cameron sketched jack's nude portrait of rose for the film titanic	hmm . explains his divorce .
2 no . kate wasn't the woman from the movie he was screwing . hint : see who he's married to now . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Cameron	!

1 mary j . blige hit her own husband in the face and screamed , " what are you gonna do , chris brown me ? "	srs is gonna love this thread .
2 would you explain what that sub is ? my app is beig a little buggy tonight and i am without a computer .	bunch of feminazis who hate reddit so much they made a subreddit dedicated to it . like the other guy said , hypocrites , the worst kind .

1 cats kidneys are so efficient , they can drink seawater all day every day , no problem .	could we make a 2.18 billion cat desalinization plant in san diego ?
2 if you've ever ever smelled cat urine you will know that is not a good idea .	soyent yellow ! it's made of cat pee ! ! ! cat pee !

1 between contemplating suicide and undergoing surgery with a 50 % chance of death actor christopher reeves was interrupted by robin williams disguised as a doctor claiming he was to give	that apostrophe is killing me .

1 with the cost of $ 367 billion , a nuclear pulse powered interstellar spaceship can be built with 1968 technology to reach alpha centauri in 133 years ; achieving a	so how long would it take to reach alpha centauri with 2015 technology ?
2 pretty much the same amount of time . unless it turns out the [ emdrive ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emdrive ) actually works , nuclear pulse drives are still the best bet	not taking into account the material being encountered , why is it you can't just keep adding energy and accelerating beyond the 3.3 % ?

1 after mick jagger rang up bandmate charlie watts during the night and asked " where's my drummer ? " watts got out of bed , shaved , dressed in a	this sounds like a beastie boy song . * i put on my suit and i fixed my tie ! and then i went up to jagger and i punched
2 eye *	not if your next line is " i put him in his place "

1 brian may , lead guitarist of ' queen ' , has a phd in astrophysics and co-authored two scientific research papers while in queen .	that explains 39 [ http://youtu.be/BjuyXR5by2s ] . i always wondered how he had the prior knowledge to inspire a space epic story like that . edit : sorry for the

1 chef paul prudhomme was struck by a . 22 - calibre bullet while cooking at a golf tournament , he thought it was a bee sting and kept on cooking	i was visiting nola once and hanging out playing poker at harrah's . got up to stretch my legs a bit and was standing near the men's room entrance when
2 rolled ? was he in a scooter or wheelchair or something ?	i think he has been in a wheelchair at some points in his life

1 it would take 375,000 2x2 lego bricks stacked on top of each other to break the bottom brick	that'd be roughly [ 2 billion dollars ] ( http://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--VXXHuAAM--/c_fit,fl_progressive,q_80,w_636/w3gzakl4zrs6bwfwutkm.jpg ) worth of molded plastic
2 actually , according to pick a brick a red 2x2 brick is 0,15 euro ; so that makes 56250 euro .	> 56250 euro for anyone wondering the exact conversion : 56,250 euros is approximately 5,370 , 160.51 dollars .
3 euro aren't worth that much ; according to google it's a few cents over usd 59415	who uses usd ? i was using liberian dollars .

1 mr . rogers made a legendary emmy acceptance speech that shut everybody up	it'd be helpful if he were around today . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yXEuEUQIP3Q
2 what an amazing , calm , and rational man . this is how politics should be . careful , reasoned , and polite .	it's funny because it feels really odd to see someone talk so slowly , but after about a minute i realized how goddamn nice it was .

1 dave grohl is the drummer on all three tenacious d studio albums	if you're old enough to know who tenacious d is , you should have known this a long time ago . he also did studio work with qotsa , so
2 > if you're old enough to know who tenacious d is ... wait , how old is tenacious d ? i'm only 22 and i know who they are ...	27 and i know who they are , didn't know dave grohl was their drummer on the albums though . i don't know a whole lot about the artists behind

1 jaguars frequently get high by eating hallucinogenic roots , which also increases their senses for hunting .	we need to lock them up in jail for doing drugs .
2 with people , the jaguars eat people so don't need to be fed , and as people die prison population goes down , and because jaguars are animals it can	wut ?

1 tabasco sauce is aged in barrels previously used for jack daniel's tennessee whiskey	paul mcilhenny the chairman and ceo of tabasco actually passed away this past weekend . he was 68 and the 5th generation to serve as ceo.http :/ / www.nytimes.com/2013/02/25/business/paul-mcilhenny-head-of-a-tabasco-empire-dies-at-68.html
2 is it weird that 68 seems like a young age to die at these days . especially for someone with his kind of money .	nope . human lifespan is increasing , so it isn't weird at all to think 68 is pretty young to die .
3 common misconception , the average lifespan has in the past been severely reduced by infant deaths which are now becoming more and more rare and thus the average appears to	never thought of it that way . it does make sense though .

1 : that during the renaissance exposed ankles were considered more risque then exposed breast .	could it be correlated with the fact that exposing your wrists to someone implies that you are attracted to them ?
2 what ? since when does exposing wrists mean attraction ? citation , please ?	i first found it through searching about body language , but i am sorry that i cannot procure a citation for you . check seddit for more .

1 mountain dew was created to be used as a mixer for whiskey and the name was slang for moonshine !	i'm rather partial to throwback mountain dew and tullamoor dew , i call it the double dew .
2 i prefer diet double dew .	it's only half the sugar as regular double dew ( which is twice the sugar as regular mountain dew )
3 just dewthemath !	/ r / dewthemonstermath

1 the dc snipers planned to kill 6 white people a day for 30 days at predetermined destinations , but plans were hindered by traffic .	i remember i had indoor recess for a month or so . i always told my parents that i was too afraid to go to school .

1 judith barsi , the child actor who voiced the role of anne-marie in the movie " all dogs go to heaven " , was shot in the head in her	the irony here is that she only lived about as long as most dogs .

1 shakuntala devi , an indian mental calculator , was asked to give the 23rd root of a 201 - digit number ; she answered in 50 seconds . her answer	from the thumbnail it looks like gus sorola with lipstick

1 in 2004 the bus driver for dave matthews band illegally dumped 800 pounds of human waste in to the chicago river ... and ended up hitting the passengers of a	he must have gotten into a shitload of trouble

1 your bottle of heinz tomato ketchup specifically mentions tomato in the name because when it was introduced , ketchups of other varieties other than tomato were common .	for some reason this brought back memories of their strategy to make ketchup more fun ... by making it weird colors .
2 my brother and i once decided to cook dinner for my parents . we chose meatloaf and all we had was purple ketchup . we were horrified when it was	oh god . you reminded me of how my ( asian ) mother in law uses ketchup and / or tomato sauce to make pasta sauce . for the love

1 south africans call traffic lights " robots " .	when i was in sa , they look a little like robot heads . so it kinda stuck .

1 during the 2008 world hops shortage , the samuel adams brewery sold 108 craft breweries their excess hops , at cost , to help prevent them from going under .	as someone whose home brewing suffered during the hops shortage i applaud their actions and will raise a samuel adams beverage in their honor .
2 sam adams winter lager is my favorite .	it'll get you drunk ..

1 most of the disney producers had no faith in the lion king , saying , " i don't know who is going to want to watch that one . "	but ... but that was my favorite movie growing up

1 the astronomer tycho brahe not only owned a tame moose . that moose died by falling down a flight of stairs while drunk .	this is probably the funniest til ever xd

1 jews fought side-by-side with muslim soldiers to defend jerusalem against the crusaders .	[ this is all i can think about whenever anything about israel and that whole shpiel ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-evIyrrjTTY )

1 jack nicholson was brought up believing that his mother was his sister and his grandparents were his parents . for 37 years .	this was not uncommon back then .

1 the beastie boys coined the term " mullet " to refer to a hairstyle in 1994 in their song " mullet head " . no earlier use of the term	[ grand royal issue no . 2 , ] ( http://www.beastiemania.com/qa/grandroyalmag.php ) " the mullet issue " ( lee scratch perry on the cover ) was published in 1996 .

1 the " pinball number song " from sesame street was performed by the pointer sisters	i always loved that song ! my kid will drop what he is doing to shake his butt .

1 sweden has the highest incidence of reported rapes in europe and one of the highest in the world .	but they know how to recycle !

1 while in the military mr . t was ordered to cut down trees as a punishment by a sergeant . he cut down 70 trees in 3 1/2 hours before	> in 1987 , he angered the residents of a chicago suburb , lake forest , by cutting down more than a hundred oak trees on his estate . the
2 fucking eco-terrorist . ohhhh yeaaaa	wouldn't he be a reverse eco-terrorist ?

1 during wwi , a british soldier showed mercy to a wounded german infantryman ... who later turned out to be adolf hitler .	of course , he wasn't hitler at the time

1 ... the beatles literally stopped touring because their music could not be amplified loud enough to compete with screaming crowd noise , even with custom , purpose-built amplifiers .	it seems like a simple solution would be to build a wall between them and the audience ...
2 a wall ... of sound !	* click click * phil specter , reloaded .

1 of the legend of sir francis drake's drum . on his deathbed he requested that the drum be returned to england , and if ever they came under attack ,	the inscription must read : " the grave is no bar to my call . "

1 mark knopfler would not allow weird al to parody his song " money for nothing " unless he was the one to play guitar on the parody .	maybe that's why i prefer the guitar in al's version . just slightly . it sounds a bit crunchier .

1 ireland paid condolences to germany after hitler's death	they were neutral and germany's head of state died . it is only civilized to send condolences when an acting head of state croaks .

1 after hurricane ike in 2008 , comcast customers were billed for unreturned equipment that had been destroyed by the hurricane . customers were charged as much as $ 1000 for	and ? they should have filed the charges with their insurance companies for comcast to get paid for the equipment .

1 jaguars frequently get high by eating hallucinogenic roots , which also increases their senses for hunting .	this is not a justification to mix shrooms and deer hunting .

1 the horseshoe crab uses hemocyanin ( copper ) rather than hemoglobin for oxygen transport which is why it has blue blood	the same is true for mollusks .
2 and vulcans	true .

1 gamers , playing an online protein folding game , helped decipher the structure of an aids causing virus in 10 days ; it had remained unsolved by scientists for 15	anyone who finds this at all interesting should pick up the novel reamde by niel stephenson ( of snow crash fame ) .

1 show producers gave a homeless man $ 100,000 to do what he wants ; within 6 months he had nearly spent all the money , and he eventually went broke	anyone know where to find this video ? youtube has a low quality version . and nothing on torrent sites .

1 on september 4 , 2008 , the mexican supreme court of justice ruled that wal-mart de mexico , the mexican subsidiary of wal-mart , must cease paying its employees in	" and i owe my soul to the company store " ( old blues lyric ) fuck walmart

1 stanley kubrick , when told that schindler's list was a good representation of the holocaust , replied " think that's about the holocaust ? that was about success , wasn't	11 million , stanley . non-jews are people too .
2 i just looked that up thinking that was a very high number . jesus ... til 60-80 million people died in that war . three to four goddamn australias wiped	don't worry australia will catch up eventually , that continent is goddamn thirsty for human blood

1 american idol winner taylor hicks placed 257th at evo	now i'm imagining simon cowell at a smash tournament . * shudders *
2 better yet , as a commentator . " dreadful recovery , absolutely dreadful . i don't think i've seen a worse attempt at a recovery in the past year .	more of this please .

1 in order for many people convicted of sexual crimes in california , tests such as a polygraph and phallometric testing ( checking if a person gets an erection while watching	the link up top is to a state mental facility / prison not a regular prison . i am not sure if people are even discharged from there very often

1 mls continues to grow . new league records for total ( 5.4 million ) and average ( 17,844 ) attendance set this season	why we don't have a team in san antonio , i will never guess . i hope they plan to go the promotion / relegation route a la uk .

1 consuming asparagus affects the smell of urine , but only 22 % of the population have the gene to smell it	i call bullshit on that 22 % . i can smell it , and i haven't met a single person that hasn't been able to smell it .
2 agreed . never have i not have someone not be able to smell it , or randomly mention it themselves ... never heard a guy friend deny it ... likely	my kids can't smell it . smells like sesame oil .

1 the longest filibuster was performed by strom thurmond , a south carolina senator in opposition of the civil rights act of 1957 . he talked for 24h and 18 min	my gf should be a senator , she could beat this by a mile .
2 beating time with distance ? that's a feat ..	she can talk for light years !

1 ny state assembly member steve katz was pulled over for speeding when he was found with marijuana . he received 20 hours of community service , a $ 75 fee	wrist slaps . wrist slaps everywhere .

1 weird al's parents both died on the same day of carbon monoxide poisoning . only hours later , he performed a concert and started by saying " since my music	fun fact - that show was one of the best i saw . he was in atlanta that day ... we didn't know if he was going to do the
2 i dont think you were at the same show . al was in wisconsin that night , he went to atlanta 2 weeks later	you may be right . i was pretty young ... all i remember is him showing a brief " in memory of " thing pop up . could have sworn

1 the opening scene in starship troopers , an infantry advertisment , was adapted shot for shot from a nazi propaganda movie called triumph of will . the scene featured an	i honestly never put one and one together . makes so much more sense now .

1 a fighter pilot in wwii flew himself home after being shot down ... by stealing a nazi fighter plane .	exit through the gift shop

1 mall of america is owned by canadians	so ? it's mall of america , not mall of the usa . last i checked , canada was still part of america . kakakakak
2 all of south america is technically america as well . no one calls brazilians " americans " . and i have a feeling if you called most canadians " americans	the only reason people from the us are called americans and we aren't ( i'm canadian ) is because there is nothing else short enough to want to call them

1 the french philosopher voltaire said , " canada [ is ] a country covered with snows and ices eight months of the year , inhabited by barbarians , bears and	voltaire thought canada was skyrim .
2 i wish , but as a canadian , i inform you we have no dragon , no cat people , no magic , and there is no soundtrack playing out	i don't know , the green haze enveloping bc feels pretty magical to me .
3 me too man . feels like 8/ 10 magical at the moment .	[8 ] ftfy

1 the fastest growing religion in north america and europe is not islam , but buddhism	these stats are kinda anecdotal . if i create a religion and i get 10 new followers in the first year , my religion is growing at a high rate

1 in 2002 a retired marine corps general defeated an entire us naval fleet in a simulated wargame by using old methods like motorcycles and light signals .	my favourite bit from the wargames 02 page linked in the wikipedia article , " red force was ordered to turn on all his anti-aircraft radar in order for them
2 its gunna be fun when we get our asses handed to us because we ignore a test because someone didn't look good	we have to look out for those jet skis armed with bus sized missles .
3 apparently you never heard of the cole don't need a bus sized missile when you can carry a warhead on a speed boat for a suicide run	have you heard about the other small boats that were destroyed for coming near a ship since then ?

1 the pilot episode of an offshoot of the x-files called the lone gunmen featured its heroes racing to stop a plane getting hijacked by govt agents and flown into the	i feel like this thread is bound to become / r / conspiracy .
2 it's actually pretty scary how many people believe that ludicrous conspiracy theory edit : til , that / r / todayilearned is filled with a bunch of people that think	to me , it doesn't matter . the things the american government has gotten away with because of 9/11 far outweigh the attack itself .
3 > the things the american government has gotten away with because of 9/11 far outweigh the attack itself . it outweighs the loss of life , not the attack .	sorry for the mobile link , but : http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/War_on_Terror scroll down to " casualties . "

1 every winter at a research station in the south pole , 50 people are left totally isolated for 8 months . an annual tradition for the personnel is the back	imagine during those 8 isolated months , a nuclear holocaust happens . could make a good movie .
2 replace nuclear holocaust with global pandemic and you've literally written the plot of the last ship . which i thoroughly recommend .	" two sailors walk into a bar ... and two sailors walk out . "

1 hedy lamarr , who was once voted most beautiful woman in the world , also invented a torpedo navigation system still that is still used today	that's hedley .

1 sling bullets dating from 4th century b . c . have been found with the words " take that " inscribed on them	people have not changed dramatically in the last few thousand years .

1 mormons baptized 380,000 holocaust victims posthumously , seriously offending a lot of jewish people .	jews don't consider non-jews human . they consider them animals in human form created by their god to serve jews . but that's absolutely not offensive and to claim otherwise
2 you have no clue whatsoever what you're talking about . if you're trying to talk about the idea of a neshama , you really are way off track . jews	different souls ... that's sounds like bigotry to me ...

1 russian voters used to have a box on their ballots to vote for " against all " .	in the uk you can do this by spoiling the ballot paper ( not filling the candidate section in properly ) . it's still counted as a vote .

1 subway's most popular sandwich , the italian bmt , is named for ' brooklyn manhattan transit ' , literally a subway	i've never had one but i assumed it was bacon mettuce tomato
2 yumm mettuce	blech . subway mettuce is terrible . all the seeds have basically been pickled in brine and the mint flakes are a little few and far between .
3 the best mettuce i ever had was at this one restaurant in philly . served alongside a nice , juicy milk steak , boiled over hard .	i don't know what to believe anymore . i can't tell the real world from the fantasy . i just want mettuce and milk steak .

1 laurence fishburne cut all ties with his daughter after she started doing hardcore porn .	he's a shit dad .

1 : there's a sports team in liberal , ks named the liberal bee jays . a semi-professional baseball team , they have won five national championships and 13 state championships	in greenville , sc , they have uber-conservative bob jones university , affectionately known as bju .

1 neil degrasse tyson was once named " sexiest astrophysicist alive " by people magazine .	probably not a large field of contenders there .
2 true , there aren't many of us . it is my lifelong goal to take that title from dr . tyson .	strangely i had a physics teacher who had a similar last name to your username .

1 the swedish fighter saab 37 viggen is the only aircraft to this day to get a radar lock on the lockheed sr - 71 blackbird .	one of my favourite blackbird [ pics ] ( http://i.imgur.com/d0U1F.jpg ) .

1 : methuselah , from the bible , is accredited as being the oldest person to have ever lived , dying at age 969 years . but it is thought that	78.5 years old is pretty damn impressive for that time era .

1 headon is a homeopathic remedy and contains no medicinal ingredients .	i love that there is a homeopathic product sold with ' extra strength ' advertising , completely undermining the concept of homeopathy . i try to be zen about it
2 you might achieve your desired zen state by channelling your anger toward the fda and pharmaceutical companies instead . when was the last time you heard of someone dying because	i've got some snake oil to sell you .

1 the first animal to ask an existential question was from a parrot named alex . he asked what color he was , and learned that it was " grey "	" what is my purpose ? " " you pass butter . "
2 [ rick and morty ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X7HmltUWXgs ) for those wondering	thank you good sir !

1 humans are deuterostomes , which means that when they develop in the womb the anus forms before any other opening ( which means we all were at some point nothing	that's only a half truth . you start off as a ball of cells that becomes like a donut . the top of the hole is your future mouth and
2 when two people kiss , they're forming a long tube with assholes at both ends .	from the cradle to the grave , it's really just shove something in one hole and wait for it come out the other . what the hell is the damn
3 posts like this are the reason i drink .	my bad . buy ya a beer ?

1 ozzy osbourne once got so wasted before a meeting with the german head of cbs europe , he left thinking he had ' lightened the mood ' with a striptease	when asked , the director is quoted as saying " i like this guy . alpha as fuck . "

1 there exists in ireland a small ethnic group of native irish that is so discriminated against that even the other irish hate them	are they the irish version of gypsies ? i assume everyone dislikes those types ? i am so glad where i live we have no group anywhere close to this
2 native americans are quite analogous , excepting the fact that they were " gifted " reserve land to live on . out of sight , out of mind i suppose	irish travellers have had many times been given places of residence , but they completely throw it back in the faces of anyone who try to help . native americans

1 richard branson , founder and chairman of virgin , has broken numerous world records including the fastest pacific crossing by hot air balloon going 394 km / h .	i'd do a lot of fun shit if i were a billionaire too .
2 he was doing a lot of those things before he was rich . it does not take billions to do extraordinary things .	well , fuck .

1 george lucas thought close encounters of the third kind would be a bigger hit than star wars and steven spielberg thought that star wars would be bigger and they bet	how much is 2.5 % of george lucas's total profit ?
2 according to the fox accountants * star wars * has not yet made profit . maybe some day though .	can you elaborate ? im really curious now ha .

1 on september 17 2042 a common computing representation of date and time on ibm mainframe systems will overflow with potential results similar to the year 2000 problem .	and only 30 years to fix the problem .

1 j j abrams made a deal with valve to make movies of half-life and portal	i'd even be happy with 90 minutes of glados talking shit about me
2 best thing about pacfic rim : glados . worse thing about pacific rim : needs more glados .	legit glados , or just something that is similar ?

1 3 years after illegally joining the marines at the age of 14 , jacklyn lucas snuck onto a ship bound for iwo jima , stormed the beach without a rifle	how in the hell do you jump on top of 2 grenades and survive both ?

1 in the original novel dracula , count dracula could turn into a wolf .	he could also turn into mist , run up walls like spiderman , the sun didn't kill him ( he just couldn't use his powers in the sun ) ,

1 frank zappa's grammy-winning album jazz from hell received a " parental advisory " sticker even though it is a collection of instrumental pieces and contains no lyrics at all .	warning : your children are about to listen to frank zappa .
2 that's just a terrible introduction to frank . i could imagine some dumb kid buying that album because of the sticker and then just being so disappointed . [ g-spot	it needed a sticker that says " hey kid buy joe's garage instead . "

1 princess leia's iconic metal bikini was inspired by fisher's complaints that the loose-fitting outfits she wore in the star wars concealed her feminine physique .	so sexy

1 graham crackers were invented to prevent masterbation .	so which crackers do the opposite and incite masturbation ?

1 when buddy holly died , his pregnant wife first got the news through the tv , and the shock caused her miscarriage , leading to the policy requiring families to	harriet nelson heard if ricky's death on tv . of the adventures of ozzie and harriet nelson .

1 it is illegal in many countries to perform surgical procedures on an octopus without anesthesia due to their intelligence	and yet people eat them while they are alive .
2 one of the more disturbing videos i've seen was of a squid getting its mantle ripped off in preparation for a dish where it was served alive . the way	link ?
3 go watch the original ' old boy ' ( excellent korean film ) there's a scene where he eats a live octopus in a restaurant . pretty gross .	" the octopus being eaten alive was not computer-generated ; four were used during the making of this scene . actor choi min-sik , a buddhist , said a prayer

1 hobos are migrant worker , tramps work when forced to , and bums don't work at all .	hobor .

1 peta had a problem with the whaling segment of assassins creed : black flag . ubisoft dismissed it saying they did not condone whaling any more than they they condoned	ah , peta . the westboro baptist church of animal rights . fucking morons .

1 cracker jack , cream of wheat , juicy fruit , quaker oats , shredded wheat , pabst blue ribbon , elongated coins , spray paint , phosphorescent lamps , and	* candy coated popcorn , peanuts and a prize . that's what you get in cracker jack . *

1 john cusack once asked his agent to " bring him the craziest , most unproduceable script " they could find . the agent came back with " being john malkovich	that movie was incredible . that half level was the quirkiest thing i've seen on film .

1 a 16 - year-old xhosa girl had a vision that to defeat the british soldiers the tribe should kill all the cattle and destroy the crops . tens of thousands	how desperate people were to be rid of the british
2 the british colonization was terrible . they broke into our nothing and left roads , farms , schools , and forges it was terrible .	some of the most brutal murderous thugs of the last thousand years and we have such a ridiculous collective amnesia about it

1 in the united states , more money is stolen by employers from employees each year than is stolen in robberies , burglaries , larcenies and auto thefts combined . the	i think this is the fundamental reason so many in the business community ( esp . large-scale agriculture ) oppose immigration reform . it's so much easier to exploit people
2 maybe exploiting illegal aliens should be a crime of its own .	how about exploiting * people * in general being a crime ?

1 mississippi didn't ratify the 13th amendment ( abolishing slavery ) until march 16 , 1995 .	the amendment was adopted in 1865 . three quarters of the states were needed to ratify the amendment , so the u . s . did not need mississippi's approval
2 i am aware of such things , i just thought they would have gotten ' symbolic ' a little sooner than 1995 . same with women's suffrage .	these things often go forgotten . i believe in law you are able to trade in an indian's head for $ 10 in new brunswick still .

1 singer tom waits successfully sued the lapd . he was wrongfully arrested for disturbing the peace when , outside a coffee shop , he intervened a group of men who	come join us over at / r / tomwaits !

1 1992 james may was sacked from autocar magazine after it was revealed he had hidden an acrostic message in an end of year issue which read " so you think	acrostic ?
2 [ acrostic . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acrostic )	there is a name for this thing .

1 the longest ever recorded sniper kill was shot from 2,475 meters or 1.54 miles away by british coh craig harrison . the bullet took over 6 seconds to reach its	wow thats crazy , check [ this ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/47/S%26B_P4_reticle_at_25x_zoom_with_1.8_m_%286_ft%29_tall_man_standing_at_2%2C475_m_%282%2C707_yd%29.png ) out . its from the wki , look at how small his target would've been . the old saying
2 imagine how freaky it would be to see your buddy's head vanish in a red mist , and a split second later hear the gunshot echo .	not a split second , a full second and a half in this case
3 would they even hear it at that distance ?	yes .

1 nba hall of famer patrick ewing frequently faced racist chants while he played in college . in one game after an orange was thrown at him , the opposing coach	the fan replied : orange you glad i didn't throw a banana ?
2 coach ( holding his tongue ): you guys are all apples . edit : sounds like ' assholes ' and points if i got you to try this for the	i feel so bad that i didn't get the joke for 10minutes .
3 it's because you were born on a pirate ship . right ?	this is the the 3rd time i've seen someone type this ... whats the joke ?

1 the yapese use large stone " coins " for money which can weigh up to 8,800 lbs . rather than move them , they usually just keep track of who	its funny how i'll read something in the comments of a front page post and then see that content get to the front page later on .

1 carl sagan was not an atheist stating " an atheist is someone who is certain that god does not exist , someone who has compelling evidence against the existence of	most people who are atheists are gay unicorns .

1 c . s . lewis married a woman to remedy a deportation , honored his commitment when she was diagnosed with terminal cancer , then fell in love with and	i'm not even a christian and i was moved by ' mere christianity ' . excellent read

1 samuel l . jackson once held martin luther king . sr hostage at morehouse college . he was convicted of felony unlawful confinement .	" however , before jackson could become involved with any significant armed confrontation , his mother sent him to los angeles after the fbi told her that he would die
2 a hell of a " one little fight " , if you ask me .	by slj's standard that was just a tuesday night kerfuffle

1 some people can " flex " muscles in their inner ears to produce a low rumbling sound	if i do this well dreaming i wake up !

1 of a man who would inject himself with snake venom in an effort to build up an immunity . he lived to be 100 , survived 172 snakebites , and	there is a [ vice doc . ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8q_m-rDUNw0 ) about a different guy that does the same .

1 bonobos , while sharing 99 % of our dna , are wildly homosexual and have sex for nearly any reason . anything that arouses the interest of more than one	they also have grapefruit sized testicles . so yeah . http://kevishere.files.wordpress.com/2011/07/bonobo-testes.jpg

1 liberia was founded by freed american slaves , and named their capital " monrovia " after president james monroe .	don't fucking ever go to liberia . just don't .

1 if your phone's gps tracks going over 1,000 mph , it legally is required to deactivate as it probably means it's being used to guide a missile .	you know , a lot of cruise missiles are subsonic ... and as an aside , this group can buy / build a supersonic missile ... but the only gps

1 singer tom waits successfully sued the lapd . he was wrongfully arrested for disturbing the peace when , outside a coffee shop , he intervened a group of men who	tom waits played the crazy guy in bram stoker's dracula

1 lamborghini gallardo was used by italian police to transport body organs for transplantation .	[ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qTN5X4JZFjU ) is an old video of london police trying to get a liver to a hospital in time . no lambos , but very exciting
2 i occasionally see " emergency organs " or something like that blasting down the motorway . are they really treated this urgently for everybody ? i was under the impression	when a liver is ready , you race to get it . timing is of the essence , even for nobodies . we woke up at 4 am and raced

1 the earliest piece of great literature , the epic of gilgamesh , includes a story in which gilgamesh is told to build a ship to save the animals of the	the bible is the most famous knock-off
2 it's a collection of the best short stories ever written up until that point .	so it's like the 9gag of religions or maybe forwards from granma

1 iran only classes three organizations as terrorist groups , and two of them are the cia and the american army .	and the third one ? * * quaker oats company * *

1 costco hot dogs and drink have been $ 1.50 since 1985	they were closed when i went last night . :(

1 jason lee divorced , and cut off all contact with , his first wife after she read an anti-scientology book	he's a scientologist ? ! oh man , i liked him .
2 love lee , couldnt care less if hes slightly nutty and into scientology . my name is earl is golden ! same with his involvement with kevin smith's flicks	couldn't agree more

1 the film " demolition man " was released in two different editions . the u . s . release which featured taco bell as the prominent fast food franchise of	i got the pizza hut edition after seeing the taco bell one , i raged so much because the lip sync was just terrible ...

1 billie piper was considered for the role of the eleventh doctor	does anyone have any evidence beside a wiki entry to support this ? i'm hoping there's an explanation somewhere .

1 the visibly bruised female star of the famous porn film deep throat , " linda lovelace " , was forced to proceed in sexual acts against her will by her	she also made a movie called * dog fuckers / dogarama * ... during which she fucked dogs .

1 a president of the united states and a vice president are speculated to have been in a homosexual relationship together .	clearly you are just trying to make us forget your extreme obesity , taft .
2 and you are just trying to distract us from your illegal genetic engineering .	and you are just avoiding the subject of how you met their mother , ted .
3 and you are just trying to repress your innate finnishness .	stop correcting people

1 the last airbender received 5 awards : worst picture , worst director , worst screenplay , worst supporting actor , and a special award , " worst eye-gouging mis-use of	if you are going to watch this , make sure you download dragonball evolution and watch it as well . drink some cyanide so you sleep better afterwards ...
2 and maybe the ... mortal kombat live action movie	wasn't micheal duncan clark in that film ?
3 do ... you mean michael clarke duncan ? or ... am i missing a joke ?	shit i'm awful with names

1 when the arctic monkeys started their band , none of them could play instruments	so many great bands started out that way . most of them punk or punk influenced haha . but plenty more who weren't
2 1 . move to seattle 2 . spend 2 weeks working on one folk-style finger picking pattern . never deviate or try to improve your playing once you've accomplished this	this is so true its painful .

1 during world war 2 , us troops would use the word " lollapalooza " to root out japanese spies . anyone who pronounced the first two syllables as " rorra	i think you missed something .

1 during world war 1 , the united states government tried to rename hamburgers as " liberty sandwiches " to promote patriotism .	sushi --> freedom fish rolls salsa --> liberty tomato mash swiss cheese --> holey freedom cheese crepes --> sweet freedom wraps fajitas --> freedom wraps gyros --> freedom wraps falafel
2 general tso chicken is actually an american idea , created by chinese people trying to sell their products	' merica chicken

1 forks were used in china before the invention of chopsticks	says it replaced the fork ... so we were making jokes about chinese using primitive eating utensils when they were the advanced ones the whole time ! ? ! mind
2 who makes jokes about chinese eating untesils ? being able to properly eat with these in a chinsese restaurant makes you the baws .	i'm not going to lie , having my chinese friend's mother compliment me on my chopsticks skills is a crowning achievement of my life .

1 patrick stewart , while he was going bald in his teens , believed no woman would ever be interested in him again , and gave up on the idea of	i was losing my hair in high school . it's tough .
2 as a guy who started losing it at 15 , no . no you don't . high schoolers are some of the meanest people on the planet . edit :	middle schoolers are .
3 why do we allow them to be mean in america ? ? ?	they're spoiled .

1 the pilot episode of an offshoot of the x-files called the lone gunmen featured its heroes racing to stop a plane getting hijacked by govt agents and flown into the	i feel like this thread is bound to become / r / conspiracy .
2 it's actually pretty scary how many people believe that ludicrous conspiracy theory edit : til , that / r / todayilearned is filled with a bunch of people that think	how is it ludicrous to accuse the american government of a terrorist attack ?

1 the donkey kong in dk64 is actually donkey kong jr . all grown up & cranky kong is the original donkey kong from the arcade version of donkey kong	some tilmakers don't know that a statement on wikipedia without a source citation doesn't mean shit .

1 more men are raped than women in the united states , due to prison rape .	misleading title ? the article's title is about violent rape and the cited article itself talks about exploitative rape not being covered i don't think it was mentioned , but
2 a lot of people feel that exploitative rape isn't on the same level as violent rape , especially given how easy it is to claim being exploited when you weren't	there are awful things with both . exploitative rape often comes with more guilt-tripping by assholes , because if you'd really been raped you would have struggled more physically .

1 jerry lee lewis courted so much controversy by marrying his 13 year old cousin at the age of 22 that he went from playing $ 10,000 concert halls to $	good . maybe not good enough .

1 a neutron star is so dense that if an object was dropped from one meter above the star's surface , it would hit the surface at a speed of 7.2	what if you hypothetically dropped a golfball size of this star a meter above earth ?

1 after hurricane ike in 2008 , comcast customers were billed for unreturned equipment that had been destroyed by the hurricane . customers were charged as much as $ 1000 for	plot twist : i don't give a shit about comcast .

1 annie oakley once shot a cigarette out of kaiser wilhelm ii's mouth , had she missed and hit him , she could have prevented wwi	or the serbs still would have caused the whole chain reaction that brought all of the convoluted european treaties into play .
2 maybe , that's why i wrote " could have " .	yeah , that's a pretty big " could have " . putting the whole of wwi on old wilhelm's back is pretty tenuous .

1 in 1979 , a number of people called in sick with a case of " being homosexual , " in protest of homosexuality being classified as an illness . within	so now we are even further away from a cure ? talk about shooting yourself in the foot ! what next , autistic people are going to start getting mad
2 i hope you're being facetious . they're not further away from a cure because there is no cure . there's nothing wrong with being gay . now being bigoted on	well i mean once you are born with it you have every right to be happy , live your life all , but if there is a way to cure

1 , before his days as a supernatural detective , norville " shaggy " rogers was once a track star and gymnast , " both of which hint at his uncanny	> an early episode " a clue for scooby-doo " ( from the inaugural scooby-doo , where are you ! series ) reveals that his taste for unlikely food combinations
2 so ... he turned a garbage disposal into a bong ? right ?	nah , he turned it into a grinder , bro . then he used the piping to the sink as a bong .

1 stephen fry claims that douglas adams told him why he chose the number 42 , and that he will take the secret to his grave	i read that the number 42 was chosen because it is 101010 in binary
2 but that's only 6 bits , on a modern system that's not even a valid chunk of memory , it has to be at least 8 bits ... so 6	that is a good point indeed .

1 andré the giant was so large by the age of 12 that he could not fit on the school bus , and so was driven to school by playwright samuel	what the fuck was samuel beckett driving ?
2 a convertible . seriously it was in cary elwes book about the making of the princess bride .	cary elwes wrote a book about the princess bride ? ! ? to the book store !

1 penn & teller rarely socialize when not working together , and don't consider each other to be close friends . penn believes that them not being close friends is why	teller had no comment
2 obviously , you don't listen to npr he regularly does commentary there .	it was just a joke . there are many instances in which he talks

1 abraham lincoln's son was present at three presidential assassinations .	probably expressed something along the lines of " wtf ! again ! " when mckinley was shot .

1 some victims of the bubonic plague where shot into their enemies using catapults so they could spread the disease to their enemies	ah , biological warfare . just when you think nature created the worst thing possible , we find a way make it worse . now where did i put that

1 jet li was presumed dead during the indian ocean tsunami disaster .	silly mortals , jet li cannot " die "

1 the tv comedy malcolm in the middle used mood-setting music in lieu of canned laughter . artists included abba , they might be giants , kenny rogers , elo &	did you hear the guns fernando ?
2 man , that scene with the baby sitter and dewy was classic .	bea arthur for the fucking win .

1 stephen fry claims that douglas adams told him why he chose the number 42 , and that he will take the secret to his grave	my dad told me his interpretation which i always thought made sense . adams is a famous atheist and the number 42 means that life is just a roll of
2 i disagree with this , the idea that life and evolution are " random " pissed adams off as much as anyone else who understands evolution by natural selection .	i was going to say all his work points to things that are not random , just very unpredictable and have a low probability . and he will always describe

1 before the adoption of the word ' penis ' into the english language , the penis was referred to as a ' yard ' .	that's weird ... i've always had mine referred to a third of a meter .

1 left-handed kids are at a disadvantage with " ambidextrous " scissors and they need true left-handed scissors to cut accurately	yup . main reason for me was that the blades are still aligned the same as right-handed scissors , so the tear pulls in the opposite direction . it was

1 during islam's golden age , scientists were paid the equivalent of what pro athletes are paid today .	also , during that time drawing muhammad wasn't forbidden . that's a very recent phenomenon .

1 nate dogg and snoop dogg are cousins .	both are members if the canine family

1 while high profile scientists such as carl sagan have advocated the transmission of messages into outer space , stephen hawking has warned against it , suggesting that aliens might simply	probably because that's what we would do .
2 it's exactly what we would do . and just because they live in outer space doesn't mean they are any smarter than we are .	if they show up in orbit here , they're smarter than us . a lot smarter than us .
3 build high tech spaceship to travel across the universe , raid earth because they can't solve renewal energy problem . make sense .	because we're doing so well with that issue

1 dave chappelle converted to islam in 1998 . he said , " i don ’ t normally talk about my religion publicly because i don ’ t want people to	reddit hates islam .
2 reddit also hates christianity . why would islam be exempt from the hate ?	i am reddit and i can confirm that reddit hates both islam and christianity .

1 when take that disbanded in 1996 , so many teenage girls in the uk were openly distraught that the uk government actually set up telephone hotlines for counselling .	yeah people seem to have forgotten just how fucking crazy girls were over take that and the beatles .

1 , before his days as a supernatural detective , norville " shaggy " rogers was once a track star and gymnast , " both of which hint at his uncanny	i remember the episode that mentions this . the gang was trying to sneak into a house via an open window . the ladder they were using was too short
2 [ he swooces right in . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gghBcjgOdd0 )	i already knew about this , and now i'm glad i'm not the only one who knew about this .

1 , when a pope dies , it is tradition to strike him three times on the head with a silver hammer to ensure he is actually dead .	the article's " gently tap " seems less dramatic than " strike " him .
2 awww dammit really ? i was really hoping that it was a gigantic mjolnir-like mallet of silver that some poor bastard bishop had to lift over his head screaming in	according to norse myth , mjolnir is actually not very big because loki interfered with the dwarves carfting it and made them somehwat botch the job .

1 of the 270 moon rocks the us gifted to the world , 180 are currently unaccounted for .	might want to ask those guys at aperture science ... they might have an idea .

1 alec guinness asked george lucas to kill off obi-wan because he " couldn't go on speaking those bloody awful , banal lines " , and that he once told a	lots of beauty can be found in simplicity . he probably died because he finally watched episode 1 .

1 while christopher reeve was awaiting surgery to reattach his skull to his spine , a man burst through the door claiming to be a proctologist and said he needed to	- reeve considered suicide . he mouthed to dana , " maybe we should let me go . " she tearfully replied , " i am only going to say
2 wow . that's the kind of partner we should all hope to have , and hope to be .	now i'm just sad that i'm not that good of a person :(

1 the nazis planned to have the native americans rebel against the us government , after which the nazis would give the native americans back their land .	imagine how hard it was to find a german - native american translator ?

1 : the 2001 video game ghost recon takes place during a fictional 2008 russian invasion of georgia . in reality , russia would actually invade georgia that year .	i never wished clancy were still alive more than when this ukraine crisis started . would have been made for some really interesting novels .

1 there is evidence that the british admiralty deliberately send the luxury liner lusitania into waters patrolled by german u-boats in the hope that the ship would be attacked and sunk	the german embassy in the us actually put articles in newspapers around the country warning that stretch of water was basically a warzone and casualties where likely and not to
2 > so it's not like people weren't unaware of the dangers . sorry , i think you either meant * were unaware * or * weren't aware * .	yeah that's what i was tryin to say . good catch .

1 president lbj owned an amphibious car , the amphicar , and used it to scare guests by driving them into his lake screaming about brake failure	president johnson was kind of a dick .

1 humans can survive indefinitely on a diet of just potatoes and butter	so i could have removed chicken nuggets from my diet as a child after all ? shieetttt .
2 could have ? yes . should have ? no . chicken nuggets are amazing .	just not mcnuggets . thats like eating cardboard dipped in bbq .
3 are you fucked ? ! mcnuggets are the single tastiest thing in the world .	i think its time someone introduced you to chocolate .

1 when laura bush was 17 , she ran a stop sign and hit / killed her ex-boyfriend . she was not charged .	pretty sure matthew broderick killed someone back in the 80 ' s .
2 pretty sure marky mark permanently blinded some asian guy .	only in one eye . and he's not doing stuff like that any more , so therefore he doesn't have to feel guilt about it . * sarcasm *

1 the opening scene in starship troopers , an infantry advertisment , was adapted shot for shot from a nazi propaganda movie called triumph of will . the scene featured an	i mean , like , that was the whole point of the movie . not just this one film , but the whole idea .
2 true . also telling that this book is required reading at west point .	what jumped out at me in this wiki link is that verhoeven never bothered to finish reading the book , saying it made him bored and depressed .

1 the king family ( mlk's family ) has charged the foundation responsible for building his monument in dc over $ 800,00 to use his name and likeness .	why work when your father is famous and you can milk his name for all the cash you want ?
2 i wonder how far that goes . do they get paid for every mlk street name as well ? there's one in every major city .	and it's always the safest street in said city ! ! ! ha ha

1 aldous huxley asked for lsd on hid death bed . he died in the midst of an acid trip .	soma-holiday

1 voodoo doughnut , a doughnut shop in portland , used to sell doughnuts glazed in nyquill and others packed with tums and pepto until local health officials ordered them to	i want a tums doughnut !

1 the man who created mario , zelda , donkey kong , and super smash doesn't game much	i think that's what makes him a good games designer . he looks at what's fun , not what gamers find fun .

1 only about 22 % of people have the genes necessary to smell " asparagus pee "	why do i have to be in the 22 % club ?

1 using an approximation of pi to 39 decimals is accurate enough to calculate the circumference of the universe to within one atom .	can pi be shown as a rational number in another number system besides base 10 ?
2 yes , base pi	thats just too easy though . can it be expressed as a rational number in a system with a rational base ?

1 until 1993 , the bt tower was an official state secret despite being a 177 - metre tall structure in the middle of central london that was open to the	listen , in cheshire there are signposts to " secret bunker " ... we don't give a fuck .

1 anthony kiedis once missed a red hot chili peppers concert because he was off scoring drugs , so keith morris filled in on vocals and just yelled and made up	his autobiography was a great read . he has lived a crazy life .

1 , of the three early landers the ussr sent to venus , two were crushed by high pressure 60,000 feet above the planet's surface .	wondered what happened to the third one .

1 " ghostbusters " and " gremlins " both came out on the same day ... 30 years ago today .	holy shit . looking at that list from top to bottom , it's possible that 1984 may have been the greatest year of movie releases ever .
2 [ 1994 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1994_in_film ) was also a stellar year : ace ventura : pet detective speed the lion king forrest gump true lies the mask pulp fiction (	in 1993 spielberg put out schindler's list and jurassic park . impressive year for spielberg .

1 the first person arrested for speeding in new york city was a bicyclist going at the " reckless " speed of 12 mph .	i'm just going to leave this here http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dnzGAfl7vt4

1 jim varney had a photographic memory and would shoot up to 25 " ernest " commercials a day inserting different product names during different takes .	i thought there was no such thing as a photographic memory , or it hasn't been proven to exist
2 there are savants who can take one look at a building from a helicopter and then draw a perfect depiction of that building along with buildings around it days later	i think i know the guy you are talking about and he didn't get it perfectly . it was really damn close and still amazing though . if you have
3 not sure about the others . one i read about was a white guy and i forgot his name , but the most famous guy by far is stephen wiltshire	it was stephen who i was thinking of ! yeah i saw the special with him when he went to see the roman coliseum . they mentioned that he didn't

1 world hunger is about social inequality , not of food production . we can already feed 12 billion .	let's say we gave out free food to the people who needed it . i imagine that those convoys would start to be hijacked and sold by violent and greedy
2 this is already happening in east africa with unicef .	i figured that this is why it's not a terribly popular practice . there are too many bad people who would ruin it .

1 1 in 4 u . s . high school students falls asleep in class every week	freshman year , i slept through spanish class . that's why i dropped spanish 2 .

1 in 1974 egyptologists observed ramesses ii's mummy's condition was rapidly deteriorating and flew it to paris for examination . he was issued an egyptian passport that listed his occupation as	i'm surprised he wasn't pulled aside for a " random " non-profiling check .
2 * sir , i need you to pull down your pants for a cavity check *	* pulls down pants * * turns around * * presents butt cavity *

1 dildos were invented over 25,000 years before the wheel	talk about priorities ..

1 the vagina was named after the latin word for " scabbard " , reflecting it's function of holding a man's sword	this is like common knowledge to every human alive

1 hbo's " deadwood " averaged 1.56 utterances of " fuck " per minute of footage .	how the hell do you say . 56 of a word .. ?

1 when george washington passed away in 1799 , napoleon bonaparte personally gave a eulogy and ordered a ten-day requiem . in great britain , the entire royal navy lowered its	these two were alive at the same time . i never really thought about it
2 seriously , this bothered me so much i had to buy an audiobook on american history . early history of north america always seems so out of place , for	russian people had never driven cars or had lights or read books before the 1920s
3 ever heard of tolstoy ? dude was better than shakespeare .	oh yes because of course i was referring to every single person in the country , not the majority of illiterate farmers .

1 the game ' dark souls ' was originally going to be called ' dark ring ' but had to be changed after the developers learned that in britain ring is	" so i went down on one knee and showed her my anus , and asked her to marry me . "

1 us child abuse laws didn't exist until an orphan girl was found beaten so badly in her foster home that animal cruelty ( aspca ) had to intervene	fuck people who hurt children .

1 chinese armed forces use crossbows at all unit levels to stop persons carrying explosives without risk of causing detonation .	use of bows is against the geneva conventions and therefore ' illegal ' for use in warfare
2 but is it illegal for use against rioters / protesters ?	absolutely not . perfectly legal .

1 gene wilder refused to watch the 2005 remake of willy wonka because he didn't want to be disappointed in johnny depp	the only thing that disappointed me about the new one were the oompa-loompa songs . they sucked . badly .

1 actor steve buscemi was a new york city fire fighter from 1980 to 1984 . he showed up at his old firehouse the day after 9/11 in new york to	http://i.imgur.com/yzpIN.jpg

1 the infinite monkey theorem , stating that monkeys with typewriters and enough time could produce the entire works of shakespeare , has been tried out in real life . they	i don't know what i expected but , yep , that sounds like monkeys .

1 a south korean man committed a mass murder when his girlfriend woke him up trying to swat a fly on his chest while he was asleep	definitely not a morning person

1 of an experiment on the ny subway where seated passengers were asked " excuse me , may i please have your seat ? " 56 % of them moved	personally , i would consider that they might have a reason for asking .
2 quite so . when they were given a justification ( which wasn't " i'm sick " ) the amount fell to 37 %	this was the justification : in order to rule out this assumption , experimenters were instructed to ask " excuse me . may i please have your seat . i

1 fred phelps once posted the onion article " ' 98 homosexual-recruitment drive nearing goal " on the westboro baptist church website as proof that homosexuals were trying to recruit others	[ why do all these homosexuals keep sucking my cock ? ] ( http://www.theonion.com/articles/why-do-all-these-homosexuals-keep-sucking-my-cock,10861 )
2 this article is how i found out about the onion .	my early favorite was a point / counterpoint - humidifier vs . dehumidifier .

1 in 1945 , dwight d . einsenhower predicted that people would try to dispel the holocaust as a falsehood , and ordered all possible photographs taken of the nazi crimes	under rated strategist , president , and prophet

1 a graduate student named george dantzig cracked two famously unsolved statistics problems thinking they were homework assignments - - inspiring the opening scene of good will hunting .	[ don knuth was a colleague of george at stanford . ] ( http://www.snopes.com/college/homework/unsolvable.asp )

1 the infinite monkey theorem , stating that monkeys with typewriters and enough time could produce the entire works of shakespeare , has been tried out in real life . they	ooo chimpanzee that ? ! * monkey news *

1 : 17 hours of wakefulness causes a level of psychomotor performance equivalent to that of someone over australia's drinking and driving limit ( 0.05 % )	i wonder what the level of psychomotor performance of someone driving on friday mornings is like .

1 in " a . i . artificial intelligence " , child actor haley joel osment suggested to steven spielberg that to portray an android well he shouldn't blink . osment	they tried to make jesus not blink in jesus of nazareth , but i think i remember him blink a few times

1 mark wahlberg had committed 20-25 offenses by the age of 21 . these included throwing rocks at a bus full of black schoolchildren and knocking a vietnamese man unconscious and	plot twist : half of those crimes were actually committed by matt damon .
2 and half of the credit was taken by ben afflek	only half ?

1 a sudanese man , caught having sex with a neighbor's goat nicknamed rose , was ordered by the council of elders to pay the neighbor a dowry of 15,000 sudanese	i remember this . good ceremony .

1 conan o'brien is credited as the key influence in the simpsons change from grounded realism towards surreal and zany plots after he wrote the episode , " marge vs .	i call the big one bitey !
2 a la grande le puse cuca !	i'm not a fan of watching translated tv shows / movies because i feel an important part of the meaning is lost , no matter the quality of the translation
3 [ plan dental ! ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=57OaqBFKSbI )	no molestar !

1 " & " and " and " mean different things in movie credits . two writers ' names joined with " & " means they collaborated , while " and	no , this doesn't indicate the working relationship between multiple writers at all . " ampersand title overseer : bob smith " please don't be stupid .

1 alex the parrot's last words to his caretaker were , " you be good . i love you . "	according to wikipedia , it included another sentence . he said : " you be good . * see you tomorrow * . i love you . " , which
2 my heart just broke .	right in the feels .

1 the highest scoring average in a player's final season is 22.5 ppg , by bob pettit	why is he retiring after had a 22.5 points season ? he can still ball . injury ?
2 banned for life from the nba .	yeah ... should've read the first few words of that paragraph ...

1 a 16 - year-old xhosa girl had a vision that to defeat the british soldiers the tribe should kill all the cattle and destroy the crops . tens of thousands	my super sweet sixteen was a lot different back then , huh .

1 jehovah's witnesses have falsely predicted the end of the world 20 times .	don't get me started on how many false prophecies they have .

1 german was the second largest spoken language in the u . s . before it was forcibly oppressed during the first world war . americans with german ancestry , are	what about the decline of italian and french ? i think the decline of a language not used by the majority is natural

1 during the american revolution at the battle of brandywine , british rifleman patrick ferguson chose not to shoot a distinguished american officer he had in his sights , since his	... and that man ? albert einstein .

1 the us and south korea are the last developed countries where the majority of men are circumcised	you must have a very limited definition of developed countries since circumcision is common religious practise in both sunni and shia versions of islam of which there are numerous countries
2 obviously middle eastern countries aren't developed . they aren't america , so they're backwards . / s	^ this guy .

1 the ce marking is incredibly similar to the " china export " logo - which means that people may buy products expecting them to meet electrical / safety standards when	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OEoazQ1zuUM&feature=youtu.be&t=317 has a video of a " ce " multimeter destroying itself .

1 traces of coca and nicotine found in some egyptian mummies have led some to speculate that ancient egyptians may have traveled to the new world ( america ) .	probably just modern contamination .

1 genghis khan once sent a 500 man caravan to establish trade ties , only to receive nothing in return and to have the whole caravan executed . genghis khan responded	if you want to know more about the mongols , there's a podcast called hardcore history that has like 8 hours in 5 parts on them .

1 jehovah's witnesses have falsely predicted the end of the world 20 times .	my friend's mom is terrified of jehovah's witnesses . she actually hides in her home when they come to her street . like under her bed .

1 it is illegal in many countries to perform surgical procedures on an octopus without anesthesia due to their intelligence	an octopus is sooo smart ... how smart is it ! ? !
2 octopusses are so smart they understand base 8 math	i really appreciate number system jokes
3 not enough to upvote me though apparently	i did , i just downvoted you on another account also

1 it is illegal in many countries to perform surgical procedures on an octopus without anesthesia due to their intelligence	i've seen a blue-ringed octopus open up a bottle . they have been known to leave their holding tanks , breaking into lobster tanks ( to eat ) , and
2 is it wrong that i support genocide against non-human persons ? am i just ... the worst ?	> is it wrong that i support genocide i don't think there's anything you can append to this that changes the answer from yes to no .
3 ... of mosquitoes would be sufficient in my book , and defended by the naturey type that say it wouldn't take longer than 6 years for the ecosystem to adapt	if i became a dictator i would ban mosquitoes , i don't care how .

1 why does no one count peter cushings as the doctor ? for those of you that don't know he did two dr . who movies in the mid 1960 '	they were similar , but he was dr who . not the doctor . it isn't him in any way .

1 the soviets found that sniper duties fit women well , since good snipers are patient , careful , deliberate , can avoid hand-to-hand combat , and need higher levels of	my aunt by marriage was a soviet sniper .

1 the current director of the fbi keeps a copy of the fbi request to wiretap martin luther king , jr . , " as a reminder of the bureau's capacity	is this the same fbi director who opposes phone encryption because pedophiles would use it ... and then none of our children would ever be safe ...
2 well , considering child pornography is one of the fbis top priorities and that he isn't factually wrong that's kind of hard to fault him for . all he's asking	you can't be serious about this .

1 eden hazard's mom was playing striker in the belgian women's first division up until she was three months pregnant with eden	that explains a lot

1 beck wrote and composed all of the songs on his grammy award winning album of the year ' morning phase ' whilst also playing over 15 instruments and singling vocals	ok , i've only just heard of beck and he seems to be amazing or something . who is he ?

1 when lawyer jack thompson found out you can kiss other guys in the t-rated game bully , he wrote a letter to the esrb about it saying " good luck	we know that's not true , and , in fact , kids roughly 50 percent of that time , all the studies show , are able to walk into any

1 michael caine's real name is maurice micklewhite	" my name is maurice micklewhite . " doesn't have the same ring to it .
2 and i just can't hear him saying it . it sounds wrong .	i can * totally * hear him saying it . in fact , i think he's probably the only human being on the planet who can say " maurice mickelwhite

1 lucille ball claimed she picked up radio signals on her dental work and reported it to authorities resulting in the bust of a japanese spy signal in la in 1942	lucy . is there anything she couldn't do ?

1 on june 27 , 1844 , mormon founder joseph smith was murdered by an angry mob while he sat in a jail cell . the incident arose after smith ordered	as perverse as joseph smith's actions were , i don't think they justified his murder .

1 the most common age of sexual consent in the united states isn't 18 , but rather 16 .	it varies from state to state .

1 a magical negro is a plot device used in american fiction where a black stock character offers his or her wisdom , insight , or magical powers to help a	thank you reddit . i hope a magical negro will saunter into my dreams tonight

1 serial killer john wayne gacy ( killing at least 33 young men ) was very active in local community activities . as a result of his contributions , he met	this guy was a real proper serial killer . stand up citizen during the day , full blown clown monster by night .

1 of a church in colorado springs , co , new life church , that was attacked by an armed gunman . he continued to fire into the church goers ,	she was a security guard . they began having members guard the church services , intentionally armed . this is not example of a concealed-carry owner stopping a shooting sadly
2 what about the portland mall shootings ? i read that a person carrying a concealed weapon confronted the shooter who then killed himself .	sadly , no . i had hoped this was the case . the person that " confronted " the shooter never fired . apparently they were never closer than 50ft

1 the mpaa tried to outlaw vcrs in 1982 .	yup , and mister rogers [ testified in their favor ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mr._Rogers#VCR )

1 winston churchill's first thought when pearl harbour was attacked was " we have won the war " .	' murica

1 at the height of inflation in germany in the early 1920 ' s , one us dollar was equal to 4 trillion german marks .	and yet , germany recovered and has one of ther stronger economies in the eu .

1 the actor playing grand moff tarkin wore slippers during his scenes in star wars	really ... ? " the actor " ? ... jesus christ ( actually peter cushing though ) .

1 three yemeni men sued nasa for invading mars . they claim that they " inherited the planet from our ancestors 3,000 years ago " . they based their argument on	so my ancestors claim ownership of the sky , i'm going to need a lawyer to sue every airline ever
2 technically , your ancestors did own the sky , or at least the portion directly above their owned plot of land . public airspace and a limit to a person's	i don't care . you can't take the sky from me .
3 take me out to the black tell them i ain't comin ' back burn the land and boil the sea you can't take the sky from me .	we have just taken the sky from you . we will be billing royalties every time you look up . if you wish to visit , we offer very competitive

1 jackie chan once shot over 2900 retakes for one scene .	yeah ? well this [ scene from tiger on the beat 2 ] ( http://youtu.be/Mo2oKrWZdxQ?t=42s ) only took one take ...

1 hunter s . thompson's ashes were fired from a cannon on top of a double-thumbed fist clutching a peyote button while bob dylan's " mr . tambourine man " played	how else would hunter go out ?

1 in 1945 , dwight d . einsenhower predicted that people would try to dispel the holocaust as a falsehood , and ordered innumerable pictures to be taken of the nazi	good move . local residents who lived near the camps claimed to be unaware of the purpose . robert harris ' fatherland is an entertaining novel which assumed germany won
2 yeah , fatherland is well worth a read .	fatherland is a great read . the only problem was i read it in germany , on the train . every time i read a bit more i would look

1 only 2 countries bid to host the 2015 fifa women's world cup : canada and zimbabwe .	would they have at least used real grass in zimbabwe ? ! !
2 zimbabwe was known as the breadbasket of africa . so i would guess grass would grow very easily .	right up until whitey got kicked off the farms .

1 a koi fish , named " hanako " , was owned by several individuals over many years and lived to be 226 years old , dying in 1977 .	you forgot the word " supposedly . " it " supposedly " lived to 226 years old .

1 because a large number of black males are unable to shave without severe irritation , domino's was found in violation of the 1991 civil rights act by requiring all their	is it possible to get a " non-close " shave to avoid this problem ?

1 in 1979 , an unknown group of people paid for the erection of the " georgia guidestones " , 6 granite slabs that instruct the survivors of an apocalyptic scenario	a bunch of vague feel-good bullshit and not a single scientific equation or vaccine formula . that reference t-shirt for time-travelers is more useful than this .
2 i just realized every single skill i have is utterly useless in a post-apocalyptic scenario . welp , hope i die in the opening salvo !	nuclear engineering . in a post-apocalyptic scenario , i don't humanity would appreciate my skills .
3 nuclear engineer who programs as a hobby , takes vacations to scuba dive , and is a tad overweight and clumsy is the most doomed man on earth post-ww 3	yea , unless waterworld happens .

1 nolan ryan's last pitch was thrown after tearing a ligament in his arm and was still 98 mph .	my friends great uncle is nolan ryan . my great uncle is the recently passed sparky anderson .

1 pope john paul ii declared the theory of evolution as factual	what's ironic is they believe in evolution as well original sin because of adam and eve's sin .

1 there is a non-venomous snake , the hognose , that pretends to be a cobra , but when it strikes it bonks you with its nose instead of biting	this . is . adorable .

1 in china , the number of people living in caves is greater than the population of australia .	just to clarify , they don't live like cavemen , [ the caves are furnished like a regular house ] ( http://www.wangtu.com/pic_zixun/new_new_new/2011102713424726477.jpg ) .
2 that tv says caveman to me .	yabba-dabba-dooo !

1 the chainsaw was originally designed as a medical tool used in symphysiotomy - the widening of a woman's pelvis to aid in childbirth	today i watched qi *

1 ronald mcnair , one of the astronauts killed in the 1986 challenger explosion , brought his saxophone with him on that mission with the intent to record the first original	this is the most 1986 thing i have ever heard . " ... and mcnair , the black guy , he's gonna play his saxophone * in space ! *

1 in 1998 40 % of antibiotics in the united states went to livestock . by 2011 that had risen to 80 % .	horrendously irresponsible practice .
2 why ?	it creates antibiotic resistant bacteria

1 john mccain broke both arms and a leg , then had his shoulder crushed when his plane went down in north vietnam . he was then tortured for two years	he lost all his common sense in that plane crash too .

1 a canadian man was told by a superior court to continue paying child support for twins despite a dna test proving they weren't his .	he is officially american .

1 traces of coca and nicotine found in some egyptian mummies have led some to speculate that ancient egyptians may have traveled to the new world ( america ) .	thank you for not titling this something like " til that we proven that ancient egyptians definitely traveled to the new world ! "
2 he might as well have . this is a non-story .	i thought it was pretty interesting but thanks for deciding that it wasn't worth reading after all .

1 theo van gogh was a dutch film director . he was stabbed to death by an radical muslim who took offense to a movie theo made ( with ayaan hirsi	that's the religion of peace for you .
2 you're logic is flawed . you're an idiot and nobody generalizes that all people that post on / r / movies are idiots , do they ?	your *

1 porn featuring small breasted women is illegal in australia	that explains angela white ...

1 rolling stones drummer , charlie watts , was sleeping one day , when mick jagger phoned drunk to watts ' hotel room asking where was his drummer . watts got	what do you call a person who hangs around with musicians ? a drummer .
2 you're retarted . listen to keith moon or lars ulrich then tell me drummers aren't musicians .	> retarted also , learn to take a joke .
3 > oh noes , a mispelled word ! ! ! get over it you butthurt douche .	he says , being butthurt about drummer jokes .

1 male giraffes have sex with other males more frequently than they have sex with female giraffes .	holy shit , ali g was right .

